tagged/agile.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[agile]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[agile])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/agile](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/agile)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Exploring Key Elements of Spotify's Agile Scaling Model - Scaling Agile Tool for Scaled Agile Framework, Large Scale Scrum, Program Increments, Nexus Scrum.org and Scrum of Scrum](https://kendis.io/spotify/exploring-key-elements-spotifys-agile-scaling-model/)
_<sup>https://kendis.io/spotify/exploring-key-elements-spotifys-agile-scaling-model/</sup>_

Spotify has become a popular music player well known for providing original and a limitless collection of music content. It was launched in 2008 and has now become a large company with nearly 1600 emp...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-07-23
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md), [scrum](../tagged/scrum.md)
---
#### [James Shore: Agile-Book](https://www.jamesshore.com/Agile-Book/)
_<sup>https://www.jamesshore.com/Agile-Book/</sup>_

Welcome to the The Art of Agile Development book site! Here, you'll find a cornucopia of bonus material, such as downloadable posters, behind-the-scenes material, and new insights.
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile in Practice: Pair Programming - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET3Q6zNK3Io)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET3Q6zNK3Io</sup>_

This video on pair programming is part of an ongoing series of short videos covering common Agile Practices. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2011-05-02
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [On Code Reviews – Nick Schrock – Medium](https://medium.com/@schrockn/on-code-reviews-b1c7c94d868c)
_<sup>https://medium.com/@schrockn/on-code-reviews-b1c7c94d868c</sup>_

Code reviews are a really important part of the engineering process. However, they can become onerous, especially with certain attitudes and dispositions by code reviewers. If approached with the wron...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-10-03
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Understanding the Scrum Burndown Chart](http://www.methodsandtools.com/archive/scrumburndown.php)
_<sup>http://www.methodsandtools.com/archive/scrumburndown.php</sup>_

The Scrum burndown chart is a fundamental metric to track agile software development projects
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md), [scrum](../tagged/scrum.md)
---
#### [Agile Thinking : Stop Starting, Start Finishing](http://www.agilebuddha.com/agile/agile-thinking-stop-starting-start-finishing/)
_<sup>http://www.agilebuddha.com/agile/agile-thinking-stop-starting-start-finishing/</sup>_

On its outset it looks like, "Stop starting, start finishing" philosophy is limited to Lean. Scrum world is either doing it well or doesn't need it. Right?
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Scrum Guides](https://www.scrumguides.org/)
_<sup>https://www.scrumguides.org/</sup>_

Scrum is a framework for developing and sustaining complex products. This Guide contains the definition of Scrum. This definition consists of Scrum’s roles, events, artifacts, and the rules that bind ...
* **tags**: [scrum](../tagged/scrum.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile is not now, nor was it ever, Waterfall. | 8th Light](https://8thlight.com/blog/uncle-bob/2015/10/16/agile-and-waterfall.html)
_<sup>https://8thlight.com/blog/uncle-bob/2015/10/16/agile-and-waterfall.html</sup>_

The author lists the points of agile practices that might help the development process like - the planning game, customer tests, continuous integration etc....
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-10-16
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md), [waterfall](../tagged/waterfall.md)
---
#### [Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD): an Overview  |  Test Obsessed](http://testobsessed.com/2008/12/acceptance-test-driven-development-atdd-an-overview/)
_<sup>http://testobsessed.com/2008/12/acceptance-test-driven-development-atdd-an-overview/</sup>_

Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) is a practice in which the whole team collaboratively discusses acceptance criteria, with examples, and then distills them into a set of concrete acceptance t...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2008-12-08
* **tags**: [attd](../tagged/attd.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile Coffee – Coaching . Conversation . Community](http://agilecoffee.com/)
_<sup>http://agilecoffee.com/</sup>_

A roomful of engaged agilists sharing espresso shots of agile / lean wisdom
* **tags**: [podcast](../tagged/podcast.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Manifesto for Agile Software Development
](http://agilemanifesto.org/)
_<sup>http://agilemanifesto.org/</sup>_

We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it.
Through this work we have come to value:

* **Individuals and interactions** over processes and tools
* **Wor...
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---

Commit message:

remove international tags and correct some tags

tagged/agile.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[agile]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[agile])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/agile](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/agile)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Lean Coffee   Jim Benson - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0VBsZOBc_0)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0VBsZOBc_0</sup>_

Clear explanation of Lean Coffee procedure
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-07-21
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Exploring Key Elements of Spotify's Agile Scaling Model - Scaling Agile Tool for Scaled Agile Framework, Large Scale Scrum, Program Increments, Nexus Scrum.org and Scrum of Scrum](https://kendis.io/spotify/exploring-key-elements-spotifys-agile-scaling-model/)
_<sup>https://kendis.io/spotify/exploring-key-elements-spotifys-agile-scaling-model/</sup>_

Spotify has become a popular music player well known for providing original and a limitless collection of music content. It was launched in 2008 and has now become a large company with nearly 1600 emp...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-07-23
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md), [scrum](../tagged/scrum.md)
---
#### [James Shore: Agile-Book](https://www.jamesshore.com/Agile-Book/)
_<sup>https://www.jamesshore.com/Agile-Book/</sup>_

Welcome to the The Art of Agile Development book site! Here, you'll find a cornucopia of bonus material, such as downloadable posters, behind-the-scenes material, and new insights.
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile in Practice: Pair Programming - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET3Q6zNK3Io)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET3Q6zNK3Io</sup>_

This video on pair programming is part of an ongoing series of short videos covering common Agile Practices. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2011-05-02
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [On Code Reviews – Nick Schrock – Medium](https://medium.com/@schrockn/on-code-reviews-b1c7c94d868c)
_<sup>https://medium.com/@schrockn/on-code-reviews-b1c7c94d868c</sup>_

Code reviews are a really important part of the engineering process. However, they can become onerous, especially with certain attitudes and dispositions by code reviewers. If approached with the wron...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-10-03
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Understanding the Scrum Burndown Chart](http://www.methodsandtools.com/archive/scrumburndown.php)
_<sup>http://www.methodsandtools.com/archive/scrumburndown.php</sup>_

The Scrum burndown chart is a fundamental metric to track agile software development projects
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md), [scrum](../tagged/scrum.md)
---
#### [Agile Thinking : Stop Starting, Start Finishing](http://www.agilebuddha.com/agile/agile-thinking-stop-starting-start-finishing/)
_<sup>http://www.agilebuddha.com/agile/agile-thinking-stop-starting-start-finishing/</sup>_

On its outset it looks like, "Stop starting, start finishing" philosophy is limited to Lean. Scrum world is either doing it well or doesn't need it. Right?
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Scrum Guides](https://www.scrumguides.org/)
_<sup>https://www.scrumguides.org/</sup>_

Scrum is a framework for developing and sustaining complex products. This Guide contains the definition of Scrum. This definition consists of Scrum’s roles, events, artifacts, and the rules that bind ...
* **tags**: [scrum](../tagged/scrum.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile Is The New Waterfall – The Startup – Medium](https://medium.com/swlh/agile-is-the-new-waterfall-f7baef5d026d)
_<sup>https://medium.com/swlh/agile-is-the-new-waterfall-f7baef5d026d</sup>_

Critical view on agile development...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-10-13
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile is not now, nor was it ever, Waterfall. | 8th Light](https://8thlight.com/blog/uncle-bob/2015/10/16/agile-and-waterfall.html)
_<sup>https://8thlight.com/blog/uncle-bob/2015/10/16/agile-and-waterfall.html</sup>_

The author lists the points of agile practices that might help the development process like - the planning game, customer tests, continuous integration etc....
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-10-16
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md), [waterfall](../tagged/waterfall.md)
---
#### [Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD): an Overview  |  Test Obsessed](http://testobsessed.com/2008/12/acceptance-test-driven-development-atdd-an-overview/)
_<sup>http://testobsessed.com/2008/12/acceptance-test-driven-development-atdd-an-overview/</sup>_

Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) is a practice in which the whole team collaboratively discusses acceptance criteria, with examples, and then distills them into a set of concrete acceptance t...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2008-12-08
* **tags**: [attd](../tagged/attd.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Agile Coffee – Coaching . Conversation . Community](http://agilecoffee.com/)
_<sup>http://agilecoffee.com/</sup>_

A roomful of engaged agilists sharing espresso shots of agile / lean wisdom
* **tags**: [podcast](../tagged/podcast.md), [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
#### [Manifesto for Agile Software Development
](http://agilemanifesto.org/)
_<sup>http://agilemanifesto.org/</sup>_

We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it.
Through this work we have come to value:

* **Individuals and interactions** over processes and tools
* **Wor...
* **tags**: [agile](../tagged/agile.md)
---
