tagged/c-sharp.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[c-sharp]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[c-sharp])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/c-sharp](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/c-sharp)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Visual C# 2012](http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2012/)
_<sup>http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2012/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Visual C# 2010](http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2010/)
_<sup>http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2010/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Visual C# 2008](http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp/)
_<sup>http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Programmieren in C#: Einführung](http://www.highscore.de/csharp/einfuehrung/)
_<sup>http://www.highscore.de/csharp/einfuehrung/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Програмиране за .NET Framework](http://www.devbg.org/dotnetbook/)
_<sup>http://www.devbg.org/dotnetbook/</sup>_

Светлин Наков и колектив
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-bg](../tagged/free-programming-books-bg.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Въведение в програмирането със С#](http://www.introprogramming.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Intro-CSharp-Book-1.00.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.introprogramming.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Intro-CSharp-Book-1.00.pdf</sup>_

Светлин Наков, Веселин Колев и колектив (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-bg](../tagged/free-programming-books-bg.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Desenvolvimento Web com ASP.NET MVC](http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k32-desenvolvimento-web-com-aspnet-mvc)
_<sup>http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k32-desenvolvimento-web-com-aspnet-mvc</sup>_

K19
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-pt_br](../tagged/free-programming-books-pt_br.md)
---
#### [C# e Orientação a Objetos](http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k31-csharp-e-orientacao-a-objetos)
_<sup>http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k31-csharp-e-orientacao-a-objetos</sup>_

K19
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-pt_br](../tagged/free-programming-books-pt_br.md)
---
#### [C# e Orientação a Objetos](https://www.caelum.com.br/apostila-csharp-orientacao-objetos/)
_<sup>https://www.caelum.com.br/apostila-csharp-orientacao-objetos/</sup>_

Caelum
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-pt_br](../tagged/free-programming-books-pt_br.md)
---
#### [AB..C# - Guida alla programmazione](http://www.youblisher.com/p/21542-ABC-Guida-alla-programmazione/)
_<sup>http://www.youblisher.com/p/21542-ABC-Guida-alla-programmazione/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-it](../tagged/free-programming-books-it.md)
---
#### [Xamarin Cross-Platform Development Cookbook](https://www.packtpub.com/free-eBook/xamarin-cross-platform-development-cookbook)
_<sup>https://www.packtpub.com/free-eBook/xamarin-cross-platform-development-cookbook</sup>_

George Taskos, Packt. (Just fill the fields with any values)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Threading in C#](http://www.albahari.com/threading/)
_<sup>http://www.albahari.com/threading/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Introduction to Rx](http://www.introtorx.com)
_<sup>http://www.introtorx.com</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Fundamentals of Computer Programming with C#](http://www.introprogramming.info/english-intro-csharp-book/read-online/)
_<sup>http://www.introprogramming.info/english-intro-csharp-book/read-online/</sup>_

Svetlin Nakov
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Dissecting a C# Application](https://damieng.com/blog/2007/11/08/dissecting-a-c-application-inside-sharpdevelop)
_<sup>https://damieng.com/blog/2007/11/08/dissecting-a-c-application-inside-sharpdevelop</sup>_

Christian Holm, Bernhard Spuida, Mike Kruger
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Data Structures and Algorithms with Object-Oriented Design Patterns in C#](http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus6/)
_<sup>http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus6/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Daily Design Patterns](https://www.exceptionnotfound.net/downloads/dailydesignpattern.pdf)
_<sup>https://www.exceptionnotfound.net/downloads/dailydesignpattern.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Creating Mobile Apps with Xamarin.Forms C#](https://developer.xamarin.com/guides/xamarin-forms/creating-mobile-apps-xamarin-forms/)
_<sup>https://developer.xamarin.com/guides/xamarin-forms/creating-mobile-apps-xamarin-forms/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [C# Yellow Book](http://www.csharpcourse.com)
_<sup>http://www.csharpcourse.com</sup>_

(intro to programming)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [C# Programming - Wikibook](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Sharp_Programming)
_<sup>https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Sharp_Programming</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [C# Essentials](http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/C_Sharp_Essentials)
_<sup>http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/C_Sharp_Essentials</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Beginners Guide to C# and the.NET Micro Framework](http://www.ghielectronics.com/downloads/FEZ/Beginners%20guide%20to%20NETMF.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.ghielectronics.com/downloads/FEZ/Beginners%20guide%20to%20NETMF.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [精通C#(第6版) ](http://book.douban.com/subject/24827879/)
_<sup>http://book.douban.com/subject/24827879/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [توسعه چابک در C#](http://agiledevelopment.ir/ebook/)
_<sup>http://agiledevelopment.ir/ebook/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---

Commit message:

remove international tags and correct some tags

tagged/c-sharp.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[c-sharp]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[c-sharp])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/c-sharp](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/c-sharp)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Why do interface names begin with “I” – Brad Abrams ](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/brada/2004/02/03/why-do-interface-names-begin-with-i/)
_<sup>https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/brada/2004/02/03/why-do-interface-names-begin-with-i/</sup>_

I am in the having one of those very useless “what-should-we-have-done” debates with a guy on my team and I thought I suck you folks into it.   It is around naming of interfaces with an “I” prefix.  S...
* **tags**: [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [.net](../tagged/.net.md), [coding-dispute](../tagged/coding-dispute.md)
---
#### [Visual C# 2012](http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2012/)
_<sup>http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2012/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Visual C# 2010](http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2010/)
_<sup>http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp_2010/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Visual C# 2008](http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp/)
_<sup>http://openbook.rheinwerk-verlag.de/visual_csharp/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Programmieren in C#: Einführung](http://www.highscore.de/csharp/einfuehrung/)
_<sup>http://www.highscore.de/csharp/einfuehrung/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-de](../tagged/free-programming-books-de.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Програмиране за .NET Framework](http://www.devbg.org/dotnetbook/)
_<sup>http://www.devbg.org/dotnetbook/</sup>_

Светлин Наков и колектив
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-bg](../tagged/free-programming-books-bg.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Въведение в програмирането със С#](http://www.introprogramming.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Intro-CSharp-Book-1.00.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.introprogramming.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Intro-CSharp-Book-1.00.pdf</sup>_

Светлин Наков, Веселин Колев и колектив (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-bg](../tagged/free-programming-books-bg.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Desenvolvimento Web com ASP.NET MVC](http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k32-desenvolvimento-web-com-aspnet-mvc)
_<sup>http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k32-desenvolvimento-web-com-aspnet-mvc</sup>_

K19
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-pt_br](../tagged/free-programming-books-pt_br.md)
---
#### [C# e Orientação a Objetos](http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k31-csharp-e-orientacao-a-objetos)
_<sup>http://www.k19.com.br/downloads/apostilas/dotnet/k19-k31-csharp-e-orientacao-a-objetos</sup>_

K19
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-pt_br](../tagged/free-programming-books-pt_br.md)
---
#### [C# e Orientação a Objetos](https://www.caelum.com.br/apostila-csharp-orientacao-objetos/)
_<sup>https://www.caelum.com.br/apostila-csharp-orientacao-objetos/</sup>_

Caelum
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-pt_br](../tagged/free-programming-books-pt_br.md)
---
#### [El lenguaje de programación C#](http://dis.um.es/~bmoros/privado/bibliografia/LibroCsharp.pdf)
_<sup>http://dis.um.es/~bmoros/privado/bibliografia/LibroCsharp.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md), [.net](../tagged/.net.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [AB..C# - Guida alla programmazione](http://www.youblisher.com/p/21542-ABC-Guida-alla-programmazione/)
_<sup>http://www.youblisher.com/p/21542-ABC-Guida-alla-programmazione/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md), [free-programming-books-it](../tagged/free-programming-books-it.md)
---
#### [Xamarin Cross-Platform Development Cookbook](https://www.packtpub.com/free-eBook/xamarin-cross-platform-development-cookbook)
_<sup>https://www.packtpub.com/free-eBook/xamarin-cross-platform-development-cookbook</sup>_

George Taskos, Packt. (Just fill the fields with any values)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Threading in C#](http://www.albahari.com/threading/)
_<sup>http://www.albahari.com/threading/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Introduction to Rx](http://www.introtorx.com)
_<sup>http://www.introtorx.com</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Fundamentals of Computer Programming with C#](http://www.introprogramming.info/english-intro-csharp-book/read-online/)
_<sup>http://www.introprogramming.info/english-intro-csharp-book/read-online/</sup>_

Svetlin Nakov
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Dissecting a C# Application](https://damieng.com/blog/2007/11/08/dissecting-a-c-application-inside-sharpdevelop)
_<sup>https://damieng.com/blog/2007/11/08/dissecting-a-c-application-inside-sharpdevelop</sup>_

Christian Holm, Bernhard Spuida, Mike Kruger
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Data Structures and Algorithms with Object-Oriented Design Patterns in C#](http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus6/)
_<sup>http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus6/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Daily Design Patterns](https://www.exceptionnotfound.net/downloads/dailydesignpattern.pdf)
_<sup>https://www.exceptionnotfound.net/downloads/dailydesignpattern.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Creating Mobile Apps with Xamarin.Forms C#](https://developer.xamarin.com/guides/xamarin-forms/creating-mobile-apps-xamarin-forms/)
_<sup>https://developer.xamarin.com/guides/xamarin-forms/creating-mobile-apps-xamarin-forms/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [C# Yellow Book](http://www.csharpcourse.com)
_<sup>http://www.csharpcourse.com</sup>_

(intro to programming)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [C# Programming - Wikibook](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Sharp_Programming)
_<sup>https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Sharp_Programming</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [C# Essentials](http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/C_Sharp_Essentials)
_<sup>http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/C_Sharp_Essentials</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [Beginners Guide to C# and the.NET Micro Framework](http://www.ghielectronics.com/downloads/FEZ/Beginners%20guide%20to%20NETMF.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.ghielectronics.com/downloads/FEZ/Beginners%20guide%20to%20NETMF.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [精通C#(第6版) ](http://book.douban.com/subject/24827879/)
_<sup>http://book.douban.com/subject/24827879/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
#### [توسعه چابک در C#](http://agiledevelopment.ir/ebook/)
_<sup>http://agiledevelopment.ir/ebook/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md), [c-sharp](../tagged/c-sharp.md)
---
