tagged/content-management-system.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[content-management-system]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[content-management-system])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/content-management-system](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/content-management-system)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [awesome-umbraco](https://github.com/umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco#readme</sup>_

A curated list of awesome Umbraco packages, resources and tools - umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [umbraco](../tagged/umbraco.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-refinerycms](https://github.com/refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms#readme</sup>_

A collection of awesome Refinery CMS extensions, resources and shiny things. - refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [refinery](../tagged/refinery.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-wagtail](https://github.com/springload/awesome-wagtail#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/springload/awesome-wagtail#readme</sup>_

A curated list of awesome packages, articles, and other cool resources from the Wagtail community. - springload/awesome-wagtail
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [wagtail](../tagged/wagtail.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/springload/awesome-wagtail#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-textpattern](https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern#readme</sup>_

A curated list of Textpattern plugins and resources - drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [textpattern](../tagged/textpattern.md), [php](../tagged/php.md), [mysql](../tagged/mysql.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-drupal](https://github.com/nirgn975/awesome-drupal#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/nirgn975/awesome-drupal#readme</sup>_

Useful resources for Drupal CMS :droplet:. Contribute to nirgn975/awesome-drupal development by creating an account on GitHub.
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [drupal](../tagged/drupal.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nirgn975/awesome-drupal#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-craftcms](https://github.com/craftcms/awesome#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/craftcms/awesome#readme</sup>_

A collection of awesome Craft CMS plugins, articles, resources and shiny things. - craftcms/awesome
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [craftcms](../tagged/craftcms.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/craftcms/awesome#readme)**
---

Commit message:

remove international tags and correct some tags

tagged/content-management-system.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[content-management-system]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[content-management-system])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/content-management-system](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/content-management-system)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [KeystoneJS](https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone)
_<sup>https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone</sup>_

CMS and web application platform built on Express and MongoDB.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone)**
---
#### [ApostropheCMS](https://github.com/apostrophecms/apostrophe)
_<sup>https://github.com/apostrophecms/apostrophe</sup>_

Content management system with an emphasis on intuitive front end content editing and administration built on Express and MongoDB.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/apostrophecms/apostrophe)**
---
#### [Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/strapi)
_<sup>https://github.com/strapi/strapi</sup>_

Content Management Framework (headless-CMS) to build powerful APIs.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/strapi/strapi)**
---
#### [Tipe](https://github.com/tipeio/tipe)
_<sup>https://github.com/tipeio/tipe</sup>_

Developer-first content management system with GraphQL and REST API from a schema file.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/tipeio/tipe)**
---
#### [awesome-umbraco](https://github.com/umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco#readme</sup>_

A curated list of awesome Umbraco packages, resources and tools - umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [umbraco](../tagged/umbraco.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/umbraco-community/awesome-umbraco#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-refinerycms](https://github.com/refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms#readme</sup>_

A collection of awesome Refinery CMS extensions, resources and shiny things. - refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [refinery](../tagged/refinery.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/refinerycms-contrib/awesome-refinerycms#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-wagtail](https://github.com/springload/awesome-wagtail#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/springload/awesome-wagtail#readme</sup>_

A curated list of awesome packages, articles, and other cool resources from the Wagtail community. - springload/awesome-wagtail
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [wagtail](../tagged/wagtail.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/springload/awesome-wagtail#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-textpattern](https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern#readme</sup>_

A curated list of Textpattern plugins and resources - drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [textpattern](../tagged/textpattern.md), [php](../tagged/php.md), [mysql](../tagged/mysql.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/awesome-textpattern#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-drupal](https://github.com/nirgn975/awesome-drupal#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/nirgn975/awesome-drupal#readme</sup>_

Useful resources for Drupal CMS :droplet:. Contribute to nirgn975/awesome-drupal development by creating an account on GitHub.
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [drupal](../tagged/drupal.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nirgn975/awesome-drupal#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-craftcms](https://github.com/craftcms/awesome#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/craftcms/awesome#readme</sup>_

A collection of awesome Craft CMS plugins, articles, resources and shiny things. - craftcms/awesome
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [content-management-system](../tagged/content-management-system.md), [craftcms](../tagged/craftcms.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/craftcms/awesome#readme)**
---
