tagged/encryption.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[encryption]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[encryption])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/encryption](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/encryption)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [JWT, JWS and JWE for Not So Dummies! (Part I)](https://medium.facilelogin.com/jwt-jws-and-jwe-for-not-so-dummies-b63310d201a3)
_<sup>https://medium.facilelogin.com/jwt-jws-and-jwe-for-not-so-dummies-b63310d201a3</sup>_

Detailed explanation about jwt, jws and jwe
* :calendar: **published on**: 2016-04-26
* **tags**: [jwt](../tagged/jwt.md), [jws](../tagged/jws.md), [jwe](../tagged/jwe.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [JSON Web Signature (JWS) specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515)
_<sup>https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515</sup>_

Abstract

   JSON Web Signature (JWS) represents content secured with digital
   signatures or Message Authentication Codes (MACs) using JSON-based
   data structures.  Cryptographic algorithms and id...
* **tags**: [jws](../tagged/jws.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md), [cryptography](../tagged/cryptography.md)
---
#### [Microsoft Azure Data Encryption-at-Rest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/azure-security-encryption-atrest)
_<sup>https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/azure-security-encryption-atrest</sup>_

This article provides an overview of Microsoft Azure data  encryption at-rest, the overall capabilities, and general considerations.
* **tags**: [azure](../tagged/azure.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [How Digital Signatures Work](https://www.docusign.com/how-it-works/electronic-signature/digital-signature/digital-signature-faq)
_<sup>https://www.docusign.com/how-it-works/electronic-signature/digital-signature/digital-signature-faq</sup>_

Digital signatures, a type of eSignature based on PKI standards, allow users to sign documents in compliance with country/industry-specific regulations. 
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [Public Key Cryptography: RSA Encryption Algorithm - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXB-V_Keiu8)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXB-V_Keiu8</sup>_

RSA Public Key Encryption Algorithm (cryptography). How & why it works. Introduces Euler's Theorem, Euler's Phi function, prime factorization, modular exponentiation and time complexity.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2012-07-30
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [cryptography](../tagged/cryptography.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md), [rsa](../tagged/rsa.md)
---
#### [Asymmetric encryption - Simply explained - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc</sup>_

How does public-key cryptography work? What is a private key and a public key? Why is asymmetric encryption different from symmetric encryption? I'll explain this in plain English... Nice explanation
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-10-30
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [cryptography](../tagged/cryptography.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---

Commit message:

add new dev bookmarks from last 3 weeks and ones mentioned in awesome ruby

tagged/encryption.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[encryption]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[encryption])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/encryption](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/encryption)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [bcrypt-ruby](https://github.com/codahale/bcrypt-ruby)
_<sup>https://github.com/codahale/bcrypt-ruby</sup>_

bcrypt-ruby is a Ruby binding for the OpenBSD bcrypt() password hashing algorithm.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/codahale/bcrypt-ruby)**
---
#### [RbNaCl](https://github.com/cryptosphere/rbnacl)
_<sup>https://github.com/cryptosphere/rbnacl</sup>_

Ruby binding to the Networking and Cryptography (NaCl) library.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/cryptosphere/rbnacl)**
---
#### [Sym](https://github.com/kigster/sym)
_<sup>https://github.com/kigster/sym</sup>_

A time-saving symmetric encryption gem based on OpenSSL that uses 256bit (password-encrypted) keys. Read the key from STDIN, a file, ENV or, on a Mac: OS-X Keychain.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/kigster/sym)**
---
#### [Symmetric Encryption](http://rocketjob.github.io/symmetric-encryption/)
_<sup>http://rocketjob.github.io/symmetric-encryption/</sup>_

Transparently encrypt ActiveRecord, Mongoid, and MongoMapper attributes. Encrypt passwords in configuration files. Encrypt entire files at rest.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [JWT, JWS and JWE for Not So Dummies! (Part I)](https://medium.facilelogin.com/jwt-jws-and-jwe-for-not-so-dummies-b63310d201a3)
_<sup>https://medium.facilelogin.com/jwt-jws-and-jwe-for-not-so-dummies-b63310d201a3</sup>_

Detailed explanation about jwt, jws and jwe
* :calendar: **published on**: 2016-04-26
* **tags**: [jwt](../tagged/jwt.md), [jws](../tagged/jws.md), [jwe](../tagged/jwe.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [JSON Web Signature (JWS) specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515)
_<sup>https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515</sup>_

Abstract

   JSON Web Signature (JWS) represents content secured with digital
   signatures or Message Authentication Codes (MACs) using JSON-based
   data structures.  Cryptographic algorithms and id...
* **tags**: [jws](../tagged/jws.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md), [cryptography](../tagged/cryptography.md)
---
#### [Microsoft Azure Data Encryption-at-Rest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/azure-security-encryption-atrest)
_<sup>https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/azure-security-encryption-atrest</sup>_

This article provides an overview of Microsoft Azure data  encryption at-rest, the overall capabilities, and general considerations.
* **tags**: [azure](../tagged/azure.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [How Digital Signatures Work](https://www.docusign.com/how-it-works/electronic-signature/digital-signature/digital-signature-faq)
_<sup>https://www.docusign.com/how-it-works/electronic-signature/digital-signature/digital-signature-faq</sup>_

Digital signatures, a type of eSignature based on PKI standards, allow users to sign documents in compliance with country/industry-specific regulations. 
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
#### [Public Key Cryptography: RSA Encryption Algorithm - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXB-V_Keiu8)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXB-V_Keiu8</sup>_

RSA Public Key Encryption Algorithm (cryptography). How & why it works. Introduces Euler's Theorem, Euler's Phi function, prime factorization, modular exponentiation and time complexity.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2012-07-30
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [cryptography](../tagged/cryptography.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md), [rsa](../tagged/rsa.md)
---
#### [Asymmetric encryption - Simply explained - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc</sup>_

How does public-key cryptography work? What is a private key and a public key? Why is asymmetric encryption different from symmetric encryption? I'll explain this in plain English... Nice explanation
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-10-30
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [cryptography](../tagged/cryptography.md), [encryption](../tagged/encryption.md)
---
