tagged/error-handling.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[error-handling]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[error-handling])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/error-handling](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/error-handling)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Sentry home page ](https://sentry.io/)
_<sup>https://sentry.io/</sup>_

Open-source error tracking that helps developers monitor and fix crashes in real time. Iterate continuously. Boost workflow efficiency. Improve user experience. 

Error Tracking Software — JavaScript,...
* **tags**: [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md), [monitoring](../tagged/monitoring.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry)**
---
#### [Toastr by CodeSeven](https://codeseven.github.io/toastr/)
_<sup>https://codeseven.github.io/toastr/</sup>_

toastr is a Javascript library for Gnome / Growl type non-blocking notifications. jQuery is required. The goal is to create a simple core library that can be customized and extended.
* **tags**: [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md), [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/CodeSeven/toastr)**
---
#### [Angular 4.3 HttpClient (Accessing REST Web Services With Angular)](https://medium.com/codingthesmartway-com-blog/angular-4-3-httpclient-accessing-rest-web-services-with-angular-2305b8fd654b)
_<sup>https://medium.com/codingthesmartway-com-blog/angular-4-3-httpclient-accessing-rest-web-services-wit...</sup>_

Let’s see how to use the new HttpClient in your Angular 4.3 project.
* Setup project
* Making HttpClient Available In The Project
* Using HttpClient To Request Data
* Typed Response
* Error Handling
*...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-07-22
* **tags**: [angular](../tagged/angular.md), [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md)
---
#### [Error Handling & Angular – Aleix Suau – Medium](https://medium.com/@aleixsuau/error-handling-angular-859d529fa53a)
_<sup>https://medium.com/@aleixsuau/error-handling-angular-859d529fa53a</sup>_

If you are more than… 2 years old, you’d have realized that indeed shit happens, and your apps are not an exception.

When it happens you can ignore it, and let the bad grow, or do something, and impr...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-01-21
* **tags**: [angular](../tagged/angular.md), [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md)
---

Commit message:

remove international tags and correct some tags

tagged/error-handling.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[error-handling]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[error-handling])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/error-handling](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/error-handling)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [FuckIt.py](https://github.com/ajalt/fuckitpy)
_<sup>https://github.com/ajalt/fuckitpy</sup>_

FuckIt.py uses state-of-the-art technology to make sure your Python code runs whether it has any right to or not.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ajalt/fuckitpy)**
---
#### [Sentry home page ](https://sentry.io/)
_<sup>https://sentry.io/</sup>_

Open-source error tracking that helps developers monitor and fix crashes in real time. Iterate continuously. Boost workflow efficiency. Improve user experience. 

Error Tracking Software — JavaScript,...
* **tags**: [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md), [monitoring](../tagged/monitoring.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry)**
---
#### [Toastr by CodeSeven](https://codeseven.github.io/toastr/)
_<sup>https://codeseven.github.io/toastr/</sup>_

toastr is a Javascript library for Gnome / Growl type non-blocking notifications. jQuery is required. The goal is to create a simple core library that can be customized and extended.
* **tags**: [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md), [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/CodeSeven/toastr)**
---
#### [Angular 4.3 HttpClient (Accessing REST Web Services With Angular)](https://medium.com/codingthesmartway-com-blog/angular-4-3-httpclient-accessing-rest-web-services-with-angular-2305b8fd654b)
_<sup>https://medium.com/codingthesmartway-com-blog/angular-4-3-httpclient-accessing-rest-web-services-wit...</sup>_

Let’s see how to use the new HttpClient in your Angular 4.3 project.
* Setup project
* Making HttpClient Available In The Project
* Using HttpClient To Request Data
* Typed Response
* Error Handling
*...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-07-22
* **tags**: [angular](../tagged/angular.md), [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md)
---
#### [Error Handling & Angular – Aleix Suau – Medium](https://medium.com/@aleixsuau/error-handling-angular-859d529fa53a)
_<sup>https://medium.com/@aleixsuau/error-handling-angular-859d529fa53a</sup>_

If you are more than… 2 years old, you’d have realized that indeed shit happens, and your apps are not an exception.

When it happens you can ignore it, and let the bad grow, or do something, and impr...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-01-21
* **tags**: [angular](../tagged/angular.md), [error-handling](../tagged/error-handling.md)
---
