tagged/gui.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[gui]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[gui])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/gui](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/gui)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [curses](https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html)
_<sup>https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html</sup>_

Built-in wrapper for [ncurses](http://www.gnu.org/software/ncurses/) used to create terminal GUI applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Eel](https://github.com/ChrisKnott/Eel)
_<sup>https://github.com/ChrisKnott/Eel</sup>_

Little library for making simple Electron-like offline HTML/JS GUI apps, with full access to Python capabilities and libraries.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ChrisKnott/Eel)**
---
#### [enaml](https://github.com/nucleic/enaml)
_<sup>https://github.com/nucleic/enaml</sup>_

Creating beautiful user-interfaces with Declaratic Syntax like QML.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nucleic/enaml)**
---
#### [Flexx](https://github.com/zoofIO/flexx)
_<sup>https://github.com/zoofIO/flexx</sup>_

Flexx is a pure Python toolkit for creating GUI's, that uses web technology for its rendering.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/zoofIO/flexx)**
---
#### [Gooey](https://github.com/chriskiehl/Gooey)
_<sup>https://github.com/chriskiehl/Gooey</sup>_

Turn command line programs into a full GUI application with one line.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/chriskiehl/Gooey)**
---
#### [kivy](https://kivy.org/)
_<sup>https://kivy.org/</sup>_

A library for creating NUI applications, running on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android and iOS.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [pyglet](https://bitbucket.org/pyglet/pyglet/wiki/Home)
_<sup>https://bitbucket.org/pyglet/pyglet/wiki/Home</sup>_

A cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PyGObject](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject)
_<sup>https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject</sup>_

Python Bindings for GLib/GObject/GIO/GTK+ (GTK+3).
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PyQt](https://riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro)
_<sup>https://riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro</sup>_

Python bindings for the [Qt](https://www.qt.io/) cross-platform application and UI framework, with support for both Qt v4 and Qt v5 frameworks.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PySide](https://wiki.qt.io/PySide)
_<sup>https://wiki.qt.io/PySide</sup>_

Python bindings for the [Qt](http://www.qt.io/) cross-platform application and UI framework, supporting the Qt v4 framework.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PySimpleGUI](https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI)
_<sup>https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI</sup>_

Wrapper for tkinter, Qt, WxPython and Remi that creates a unified, easy to understand & more Python-like interface for beginner and intermediate level custom GUIs.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI)**
---
#### [pywebview](https://github.com/r0x0r/pywebview/)
_<sup>https://github.com/r0x0r/pywebview/</sup>_

A lightweight cross-platform native wrapper around a webview component that allows to display HTML content in its own native dedicated window.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/r0x0r/pywebview/)**
---
#### [Tkinter](https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter)
_<sup>https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter</sup>_

Tkinter is Python's de-facto standard GUI package.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Toga](https://github.com/pybee/toga)
_<sup>https://github.com/pybee/toga</sup>_

A Python native, OS native GUI toolkit.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/pybee/toga)**
---
#### [urwid](http://urwid.org/)
_<sup>http://urwid.org/</sup>_

A library for creating terminal GUI applications with strong support for widgets, events, rich colors, etc.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [wxPython](https://wxpython.org/)
_<sup>https://wxpython.org/</sup>_

A blending of the wxWidgets C++ class library with the Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [locust](https://github.com/locustio/locust)
_<sup>https://github.com/locustio/locust</sup>_

Scalable user load testing tool written in Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/locustio/locust)**
---
#### [PyAutoGUI](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui)
_<sup>https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui</sup>_

PyAutoGUI is a cross-platform GUI automation Python module for human beings.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui)**
---
#### [Selenium](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/selenium)
_<sup>https://pypi.python.org/pypi/selenium</sup>_

Python bindings for [Selenium](http://www.seleniumhq.org/) WebDriver.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
---
#### [sixpack](https://github.com/seatgeek/sixpack)
_<sup>https://github.com/seatgeek/sixpack</sup>_

A language-agnostic A/B Testing framework.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/seatgeek/sixpack)**
---
#### [splinter](https://github.com/cobrateam/splinter)
_<sup>https://github.com/cobrateam/splinter</sup>_

Open source tool for testing web applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/cobrateam/splinter)**
---
#### [JavaFX](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/javafx-overview-2158620.html)
_<sup>https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/javafx-overview-2158620.html</sup>_

The successor of Swing.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Scene Builder](https://gluonhq.com/open-source/scene-builder)
_<sup>https://gluonhq.com/open-source/scene-builder</sup>_

Visual layout tool for JavaFX applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [SWT](https://www.eclipse.org/swt)
_<sup>https://www.eclipse.org/swt</sup>_

The Standard Widget Toolkit, a graphical widget toolkit.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---

Commit message:

add new dev bookmarks from last 3 weeks and ones mentioned in awesome ruby

tagged/gui.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[gui]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[gui])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/gui](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/gui)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [qtbindings](https://github.com/ryanmelt/qtbindings)
_<sup>https://github.com/ryanmelt/qtbindings</sup>_

Allows the QT Gui toolkit to be used from Ruby.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ryanmelt/qtbindings)**
---
#### [RubyGnome2](http://ruby-gnome2.sourceforge.jp/)
_<sup>http://ruby-gnome2.sourceforge.jp/</sup>_

Ruby language bindings for the GNOME 2.0 development environment.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Shoes](http://shoesrb.com)
_<sup>http://shoesrb.com</sup>_

Shoes makes building little graphical programs for Mac, Windows, and Linux super simple.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [curses](https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html)
_<sup>https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html</sup>_

Built-in wrapper for [ncurses](http://www.gnu.org/software/ncurses/) used to create terminal GUI applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Eel](https://github.com/ChrisKnott/Eel)
_<sup>https://github.com/ChrisKnott/Eel</sup>_

Little library for making simple Electron-like offline HTML/JS GUI apps, with full access to Python capabilities and libraries.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ChrisKnott/Eel)**
---
#### [enaml](https://github.com/nucleic/enaml)
_<sup>https://github.com/nucleic/enaml</sup>_

Creating beautiful user-interfaces with Declaratic Syntax like QML.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nucleic/enaml)**
---
#### [Flexx](https://github.com/zoofIO/flexx)
_<sup>https://github.com/zoofIO/flexx</sup>_

Flexx is a pure Python toolkit for creating GUI's, that uses web technology for its rendering.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/zoofIO/flexx)**
---
#### [Gooey](https://github.com/chriskiehl/Gooey)
_<sup>https://github.com/chriskiehl/Gooey</sup>_

Turn command line programs into a full GUI application with one line.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/chriskiehl/Gooey)**
---
#### [kivy](https://kivy.org/)
_<sup>https://kivy.org/</sup>_

A library for creating NUI applications, running on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android and iOS.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [pyglet](https://bitbucket.org/pyglet/pyglet/wiki/Home)
_<sup>https://bitbucket.org/pyglet/pyglet/wiki/Home</sup>_

A cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PyGObject](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject)
_<sup>https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject</sup>_

Python Bindings for GLib/GObject/GIO/GTK+ (GTK+3).
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PyQt](https://riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro)
_<sup>https://riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro</sup>_

Python bindings for the [Qt](https://www.qt.io/) cross-platform application and UI framework, with support for both Qt v4 and Qt v5 frameworks.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PySide](https://wiki.qt.io/PySide)
_<sup>https://wiki.qt.io/PySide</sup>_

Python bindings for the [Qt](http://www.qt.io/) cross-platform application and UI framework, supporting the Qt v4 framework.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [PySimpleGUI](https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI)
_<sup>https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI</sup>_

Wrapper for tkinter, Qt, WxPython and Remi that creates a unified, easy to understand & more Python-like interface for beginner and intermediate level custom GUIs.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI)**
---
#### [pywebview](https://github.com/r0x0r/pywebview/)
_<sup>https://github.com/r0x0r/pywebview/</sup>_

A lightweight cross-platform native wrapper around a webview component that allows to display HTML content in its own native dedicated window.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/r0x0r/pywebview/)**
---
#### [Tkinter](https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter)
_<sup>https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter</sup>_

Tkinter is Python's de-facto standard GUI package.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Toga](https://github.com/pybee/toga)
_<sup>https://github.com/pybee/toga</sup>_

A Python native, OS native GUI toolkit.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/pybee/toga)**
---
#### [urwid](http://urwid.org/)
_<sup>http://urwid.org/</sup>_

A library for creating terminal GUI applications with strong support for widgets, events, rich colors, etc.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [wxPython](https://wxpython.org/)
_<sup>https://wxpython.org/</sup>_

A blending of the wxWidgets C++ class library with the Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [locust](https://github.com/locustio/locust)
_<sup>https://github.com/locustio/locust</sup>_

Scalable user load testing tool written in Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/locustio/locust)**
---
#### [PyAutoGUI](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui)
_<sup>https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui</sup>_

PyAutoGUI is a cross-platform GUI automation Python module for human beings.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui)**
---
#### [Selenium](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/selenium)
_<sup>https://pypi.python.org/pypi/selenium</sup>_

Python bindings for [Selenium](http://www.seleniumhq.org/) WebDriver.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
---
#### [sixpack](https://github.com/seatgeek/sixpack)
_<sup>https://github.com/seatgeek/sixpack</sup>_

A language-agnostic A/B Testing framework.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/seatgeek/sixpack)**
---
#### [splinter](https://github.com/cobrateam/splinter)
_<sup>https://github.com/cobrateam/splinter</sup>_

Open source tool for testing web applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [testing](../tagged/testing.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md), [web](../tagged/web.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/cobrateam/splinter)**
---
#### [JavaFX](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/javafx-overview-2158620.html)
_<sup>https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/javafx-overview-2158620.html</sup>_

The successor of Swing.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [Scene Builder](https://gluonhq.com/open-source/scene-builder)
_<sup>https://gluonhq.com/open-source/scene-builder</sup>_

Visual layout tool for JavaFX applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
#### [SWT](https://www.eclipse.org/swt)
_<sup>https://www.eclipse.org/swt</sup>_

The Standard Widget Toolkit, a graphical widget toolkit.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [gui](../tagged/gui.md)
---
