tagged/image-processing.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[image-processing]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[image-processing])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/image-processing](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/image-processing)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [MiniMagick](https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick)
_<sup>https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick</sup>_

A ruby wrapper for ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick command line.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick)**
---
#### [Phasion](https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion)
_<sup>https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion</sup>_

Ruby wrapper around pHash, the perceptual hash library for detecting duplicate multimedia files.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion)**
---
#### [PSD.rb](https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb)
_<sup>https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb</sup>_

Parse Photoshop files in Ruby with ease.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb)**
---
#### [RMagick](https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick)
_<sup>https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick</sup>_

RMagick is an interface between Ruby and ImageMagick.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick)**
---
#### [ruby-vips](https://github.com/jcupitt/ruby-vips)
_<sup>https://github.com/jcupitt/ruby-vips</sup>_

A binding for the libvips image processing library.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/jcupitt/ruby-vips)**
---
#### [Skeptick](https://github.com/maxim/skeptick)
_<sup>https://github.com/maxim/skeptick</sup>_

Skeptick is an all-purpose DSL for building and running ImageMagick commands.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/maxim/skeptick)**
---
#### [hmap](https://github.com/rossgoodwin/hmap)
_<sup>https://github.com/rossgoodwin/hmap</sup>_

Image histogram remapping.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/rossgoodwin/hmap)**
---
#### [imgSeek](https://sourceforge.net/projects/imgseek/)
_<sup>https://sourceforge.net/projects/imgseek/</sup>_

A project for searching a collection of images using visual similarity.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
---
#### [nude.py](https://github.com/hhatto/nude.py)
_<sup>https://github.com/hhatto/nude.py</sup>_

Nudity detection.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/hhatto/nude.py)**
---
#### [pagan](https://github.com/daboth/pagan)
_<sup>https://github.com/daboth/pagan</sup>_

Retro identicon (Avatar) generation based on input string and hash.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/daboth/pagan)**
---
#### [pillow](https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow)
_<sup>https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow</sup>_

Pillow is the friendly [PIL](http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/) fork.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow)**
---
#### [pyBarcode](https://pythonhosted.org/pyBarcode/)
_<sup>https://pythonhosted.org/pyBarcode/</sup>_

Create barcodes in Python without needing PIL.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
---
#### [pygram](https://github.com/ajkumar25/pygram)
_<sup>https://github.com/ajkumar25/pygram</sup>_

Instagram-like image filters.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ajkumar25/pygram)**
---
#### [python-qrcode](https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode)
_<sup>https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode</sup>_

A pure Python QR Code generator.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode)**
---
#### [Quads](https://github.com/fogleman/Quads)
_<sup>https://github.com/fogleman/Quads</sup>_

Computer art based on quadtrees.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/fogleman/Quads)**
---
#### [scikit-image](http://scikit-image.org/)
_<sup>http://scikit-image.org/</sup>_

A Python library for (scientific) image processing.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
---
#### [thumbor](https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor)
_<sup>https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor</sup>_

A smart imaging service. It enables on-demand crop, re-sizing and flipping of images.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor)**
---
#### [wand](https://github.com/dahlia/wand)
_<sup>https://github.com/dahlia/wand</sup>_

Python bindings for [MagickWand](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/magick-wand.php), C API for ImageMagick.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/dahlia/wand)**
---
#### [lena.js](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/lena.js)
_<sup>https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/lena.js</sup>_

A Library for image processing with filters and util functions.
* **tags**: [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/lena.js)**
---
#### [cropper](https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper)
_<sup>https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper</sup>_

A simple jQuery image cropping plugin.
* **tags**: [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper)**
---

Commit message:

add bookmarks from last 3 weeks and awesome rust resources

tagged/image-processing.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[image-processing]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[image-processing])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/image-processing](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/image-processing)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [abonander/img_hash](https://github.com/abonander/img_hash)
_<sup>https://github.com/abonander/img_hash</sup>_

Perceptual image hashing and comparison for equality and similarity.
* **tags**: [rust](../tagged/rust.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/abonander/img_hash)**
---
#### [image-rs/image](https://github.com/image-rs/image)
_<sup>https://github.com/image-rs/image</sup>_

Basic imaging processing functions and methods for converting to and from image formats [<img src="https://api.travis-ci.org/image-rs/image.svg?branch=master">](https://travis-ci.org/image-rs/image)
* **tags**: [rust](../tagged/rust.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/image-rs/image)**
---
#### [image-rs/imageproc](https://github.com/image-rs/imageproc)
_<sup>https://github.com/image-rs/imageproc</sup>_

An image processing library, based on the `image` library. [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/image-rs/imageproc.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/image-rs/imageproc)
* **tags**: [rust](../tagged/rust.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/image-rs/imageproc)**
---
#### [twistedfall/opencv-rust](https://github.com/twistedfall/opencv-rust)
_<sup>https://github.com/twistedfall/opencv-rust</sup>_

Rust bindings for OpenCV [<img src="https://api.travis-ci.org/twistedfall/opencv-rust.svg?branch=cv2">](https://travis-ci.org/twistedfall/opencv-rust)
* **tags**: [rust](../tagged/rust.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/twistedfall/opencv-rust)**
---
#### [MiniMagick](https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick)
_<sup>https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick</sup>_

A ruby wrapper for ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick command line.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick)**
---
#### [Phasion](https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion)
_<sup>https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion</sup>_

Ruby wrapper around pHash, the perceptual hash library for detecting duplicate multimedia files.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion)**
---
#### [PSD.rb](https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb)
_<sup>https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb</sup>_

Parse Photoshop files in Ruby with ease.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb)**
---
#### [RMagick](https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick)
_<sup>https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick</sup>_

RMagick is an interface between Ruby and ImageMagick.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick)**
---
#### [ruby-vips](https://github.com/jcupitt/ruby-vips)
_<sup>https://github.com/jcupitt/ruby-vips</sup>_

A binding for the libvips image processing library.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/jcupitt/ruby-vips)**
---
#### [Skeptick](https://github.com/maxim/skeptick)
_<sup>https://github.com/maxim/skeptick</sup>_

Skeptick is an all-purpose DSL for building and running ImageMagick commands.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/maxim/skeptick)**
---
#### [hmap](https://github.com/rossgoodwin/hmap)
_<sup>https://github.com/rossgoodwin/hmap</sup>_

Image histogram remapping.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/rossgoodwin/hmap)**
---
#### [imgSeek](https://sourceforge.net/projects/imgseek/)
_<sup>https://sourceforge.net/projects/imgseek/</sup>_

A project for searching a collection of images using visual similarity.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
---
#### [nude.py](https://github.com/hhatto/nude.py)
_<sup>https://github.com/hhatto/nude.py</sup>_

Nudity detection.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/hhatto/nude.py)**
---
#### [pagan](https://github.com/daboth/pagan)
_<sup>https://github.com/daboth/pagan</sup>_

Retro identicon (Avatar) generation based on input string and hash.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/daboth/pagan)**
---
#### [pillow](https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow)
_<sup>https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow</sup>_

Pillow is the friendly [PIL](http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/) fork.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow)**
---
#### [pyBarcode](https://pythonhosted.org/pyBarcode/)
_<sup>https://pythonhosted.org/pyBarcode/</sup>_

Create barcodes in Python without needing PIL.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
---
#### [pygram](https://github.com/ajkumar25/pygram)
_<sup>https://github.com/ajkumar25/pygram</sup>_

Instagram-like image filters.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ajkumar25/pygram)**
---
#### [python-qrcode](https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode)
_<sup>https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode</sup>_

A pure Python QR Code generator.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode)**
---
#### [Quads](https://github.com/fogleman/Quads)
_<sup>https://github.com/fogleman/Quads</sup>_

Computer art based on quadtrees.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/fogleman/Quads)**
---
#### [scikit-image](http://scikit-image.org/)
_<sup>http://scikit-image.org/</sup>_

A Python library for (scientific) image processing.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
---
#### [thumbor](https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor)
_<sup>https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor</sup>_

A smart imaging service. It enables on-demand crop, re-sizing and flipping of images.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor)**
---
#### [wand](https://github.com/dahlia/wand)
_<sup>https://github.com/dahlia/wand</sup>_

Python bindings for [MagickWand](http://www.imagemagick.org/script/magick-wand.php), C API for ImageMagick.
* **tags**: [python](../tagged/python.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/dahlia/wand)**
---
#### [lena.js](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/lena.js)
_<sup>https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/lena.js</sup>_

A Library for image processing with filters and util functions.
* **tags**: [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/davidsonfellipe/lena.js)**
---
#### [cropper](https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper)
_<sup>https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper</sup>_

A simple jQuery image cropping plugin.
* **tags**: [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md), [image-processing](../tagged/image-processing.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper)**
---
