tagged/kubernetes.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[kubernetes]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[kubernetes])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/kubernetes](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/kubernetes)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [How to Create Your First Helm](https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/how-to/create-your-first-helm-chart/)
_<sup>https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/how-to/create-your-first-helm-chart/</sup>_

This guide walks you through the process of creating your first ever chart, explaining what goes inside these packages and the tools you use to develop them. By the end of it you should have an unders...
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md)
---
#### [kubernetes configmaps for beginners - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJU8l3UmKZU)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJU8l3UmKZU</sup>_

This is a tutorial on how to create Kubernetes ConfigMaps but first, let’s understand what ConfigMaps are. 

Blog post - [How to Create Kubernetes ConfigMaps](https://www.cloudtechnologyexperts.com/cr...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-06-28
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [Building Helm Charts From the Ground Up - An Introduction to Kubernetes [I] - Amy Chen, Heptio - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQX5nokoqrQ)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQX5nokoqrQ</sup>_

Learn the basics of Kubernetes from the perspective of creating a Helm Chart from scratch! Really nice explanation for beginners. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-12-15
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md)
---
#### [keycloak helm charts from codecentric](https://github.com/codecentric/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/keycloak)
_<sup>https://github.com/codecentric/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/keycloak</sup>_

This chart bootstraps a Keycloak StatefulSet on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm package manager. It provisions a fully featured Keycloak installation.
* **tags**: [keycloak](../tagged/keycloak.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/codecentric/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/keycloak)**
---
#### [Keycloak - Blog - Keycloak Cluster Setup](https://www.keycloak.org/2019/05/keycloak-cluster-setup.html)
_<sup>https://www.keycloak.org/2019/05/keycloak-cluster-setup.html</sup>_

This post shares some solutions to setup Keycloak cluster in various scenarios (e.g. cross-DC, docker cross-host, Kubernetes).
* :calendar: **published on**: 2019-05-10
* **tags**: [keycloak](../tagged/keycloak.md), [cluster-computing](../tagged/cluster-computing.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [docker](../tagged/docker.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/fit2anything/keycloak-cluster-setup-and-configuration)**
---
#### [kube-shell](https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-shell)
_<sup>https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-shell</sup>_

An integrated shell for working with the Kubernetes CLI.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [command-line-tools](../tagged/command-line-tools.md), [cli-enhancements](../tagged/cli-enhancements.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-shell)**
---
#### [An Introduction to Kubernetes](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-kubernetes)
_<sup>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-kubernetes</sup>_

In this guide, we'll discuss some of Kubernetes' basic concepts. We will talk about the architecture of the system, the problems it solves, and the model that it uses to handle containerized deploymen...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-04-02
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [How To Inspect Kubernetes Networking](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking)
_<sup>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking</sup>_

Kubernetes is a container orchestration system that can manage containerized applications across a cluster of server nodes. Maintaining network connectivity between all the containers in a cluster req...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-08-23
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [kubectl Cheat Sheet - Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/)
_<sup>https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/</sup>_

This page is an overview of the `kubectl` command.
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubectl](../tagged/kubectl.md), [cheatsheet](../tagged/cheatsheet.md)
---
#### [awesome-kubernetes](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes#readme</sup>_

A curated list for awesome kubernetes sources :ship::tada: - ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [backend](../tagged/backend.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes#readme)**
---
#### [Keycloak on Kubernetes - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_BYZ7hHWXE)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_BYZ7hHWXE</sup>_

This video is showing how to deploy Keycloak on Kubernetes as well as deploying and securing a HTML5 frontend application and a Node.js backend service and securing these with Keycloak. Video realised...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-06-27
* **tags**: [keycloak](../tagged/keycloak.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [php](../tagged/php.md), [minikube](../tagged/minikube.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/stianst/demo-kubernetes)**
---
#### [Continuous Development with Java and Kubernetes - DEV Community 👩‍💻👨‍💻](https://dev.to/pozo/continuous-development-with-java-and-kubernetes-3d08)
_<sup>https://dev.to/pozo/continuous-development-with-java-and-kubernetes-3d08</sup>_

Continuous Development with Java and Kubernetes with the help of Jib and Skaffold
* :calendar: **published on**: 2011-03-01
* **tags**: [java](../tagged/java.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [spring-boot](../tagged/spring-boot.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [debugging](../tagged/debugging.md), [jib](../tagged/jib.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Pozo/continuous-java-kubernetes)**
---
#### [Google Open Source Container Tools: Life of a happy developer in a container world  by  David Gageot - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uU44VviyjM)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uU44VviyjM</sup>_

Great demo explaining the utilities of the various tools listed as tags here. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-11-14
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [maven-plugin](../tagged/maven-plugin.md), [jib](../tagged/jib.md), [bazel](../tagged/bazel.md), [dockerfile](../tagged/dockerfile.md), [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [kaniko](../tagged/kaniko.md)
---
#### [Top 5 Exclusive Features of Docker For Mac That You Can’t Afford to Ignore – Collabnix](http://collabnix.com/top-5-exclusive-features-of-docker-for-mac-that-you-cant-afford-to-miss/)
_<sup>http://collabnix.com/top-5-exclusive-features-of-docker-for-mac-that-you-cant-afford-to-miss/</sup>_

Under this blog post, I will talk about top 5 exclusive and very useful features of Docker of Mac that you can’t afford to miss out.

1. Docker for Mac support Docker Swarm, Swarm Mode & Kubernetes
2....
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-05-01
* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [docker-compose](../tagged/docker-compose.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [Simplifying Kubernetes with Docker Compose and Friends - Docker Blog](https://blog.docker.com/2018/12/simplifying-kubernetes-with-docker-compose-and-friends/)
_<sup>https://blog.docker.com/2018/12/simplifying-kubernetes-with-docker-compose-and-friends/</sup>_

Simplifying Kubernetes with Docker Compose and Friends - Docker Blog

Today we’re happy to announce we’re open sourcing our support for using [Docker Compose on Kubernetes](https://github.com/docker/c...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-04-12
* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [docker-compose](../tagged/docker-compose.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/docker/compose-on-kubernetes)**
---
#### [Draft vs Gitkube vs Helm vs Ksonnet vs Metaparticle vs Skaffold](https://blog.hasura.io/draft-vs-gitkube-vs-helm-vs-ksonnet-vs-metaparticle-vs-skaffold-f5aa9561f948/#ba14)
_<sup>https://blog.hasura.io/draft-vs-gitkube-vs-helm-vs-ksonnet-vs-metaparticle-vs-skaffold-f5aa9561f948/...</sup>_

TL;DR
Draft
- deploy code to k8s cluster (automates build-push-deploy)
- deploy code in draft-pack supported languages without writing dockerfile or k8s manifests
- needs draft cli, helm cli, t...
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md)
---
#### [Draft home page](https://draft.sh/)
_<sup>https://draft.sh/</sup>_

Draft is a tool for developers to create cloud-native applications on Kubernetes.
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [draft](../tagged/draft.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/azure/draft)**
---
#### [Skaffold home page](https://skaffold.dev/)
_<sup>https://skaffold.dev/</sup>_

Easy and Repeatable Kubernetes Development

* [integration annotated-example](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/blob/b9c979d7b59a15bba9e4a9c7977ece407b21d0c4/integration/examples/annota...
* **tags**: [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold)**
---
#### [Using Kubernetes for Local Development](https://nemethgergely.com/using-kubernetes-for-local-development/)
_<sup>https://nemethgergely.com/using-kubernetes-for-local-development/</sup>_

This article walks you through how you can develop an application locally using Kubernetes
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-07-03
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/gergelyke/skaffold-nodejs-example)**
---
#### [Optimising Kubernetes deployments with Helm by Erwin de Gier - YouTube [16m]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXZBuBQpm-Q)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXZBuBQpm-Q</sup>_

Kubernetes is has become a very popular platform for running and managing your application in Docker containers. However, the basis Kubernetes YAML files are a bit cumbersome to work with. Helm is a t...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-11-14
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
---
#### [GitHub - helm/charts - Curated applications for Kubernetes](https://github.com/helm/charts)
_<sup>https://github.com/helm/charts</sup>_

Curated applications for Kubernetes. 
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/helm/charts)**
---
#### [Kubernetes + Compose = Kompose](http://kompose.io/)
_<sup>http://kompose.io/</sup>_

kompose is a tool to help users familiar with docker-compose move to Kubernetes. It takes a Docker Compose file and translates it into Kubernetes resources.

* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [docker-compose](../tagged/docker-compose.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [devops](../tagged/devops.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kompose)**
---
#### [Helm Docs home page](https://helm.sh/)
_<sup>https://helm.sh/</sup>_

Helm - The Kubernetes Package Manager.

Helm helps you manage Kubernetes applications — Helm Charts help you define, install, and upgrade even the most complex Kubernetes application.

Charts are easy...
* **tags**: [helm](../tagged/helm.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/helm/helm)**
---
#### [Istio home page](https://istio.io/)
_<sup>https://istio.io/</sup>_

Istio is an open platform for providing a uniform way to integrate microservices, manage traffic flow across microservices, enforce policies and aggregate telemetry data. Istio's control plane provide...
* **tags**: [istio](../tagged/istio.md), [microservices](../tagged/microservices.md), [api-management](../tagged/api-management.md), [circuit-breaker](../tagged/circuit-breaker.md), [proxy](../tagged/proxy.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/istio/istio)**
---
#### [kubernetes-for-java-developers repo from Aron Gupta](https://github.com/aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers)
_<sup>https://github.com/aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers</sup>_

A Day in Java Developer’s Life, with a taste of Kubernetes - aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers. sample. example.
* **tags**: [java](../tagged/java.md), [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [maven-plugin](../tagged/maven-plugin.md), [istio](../tagged/istio.md), [aws](../tagged/aws.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers)**
---
#### [Spring Boot Micro-services, Containers, and Kubernetes - How To - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bcs-inRnLDc)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bcs-inRnLDc</sup>_

Recorded at SpringOne2GX 2015 Speaker: Ray Tsang, Google Slides: TBD Join this session to learn how to create a Java-based microservice using Spring Boot, co...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-10-19
* **tags**: [spring-boot](../tagged/spring-boot.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [microservices](../tagged/microservices.md)
---
#### [Kubernetes in Docker for Mac - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWupQjdjLN0)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWupQjdjLN0</sup>_

At DockerCon EU 2017, Docker announced support is coming for Kubernetes in Docker for Desktop. In this video, Docker Developer Advocate Elton Stoneman demonstrates how easy it will be to spin up a ful...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-10-17
* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [macos](../tagged/macos.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [Jenkins X home](https://jenkins-x.io/)
_<sup>https://jenkins-x.io/</sup>_

Jenkins X is a CI/CD solution for modern cloud applications on Kubernetes
* **tags**: [jenkins](../tagged/jenkins.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [tools](../tagged/tools.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/jenkins-x/jx)**
---
#### [Orchestrating Node.js Containers with Kubernetes - NodeSource](https://nodesource.com/blog/orchestrating-nodejs-containers-with-kubernetes)
_<sup>https://nodesource.com/blog/orchestrating-nodejs-containers-with-kubernetes</sup>_

Look under the Kubernetes hood to learn more about how K8s automates orchestration of Node.js application containers. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-05-07
* **tags**: [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [What is Kubernetes & How to Get Started With It ](https://blog.risingstack.com/what-is-kubernetes-how-to-get-started/)
_<sup>https://blog.risingstack.com/what-is-kubernetes-how-to-get-started/</sup>_

This article helps you to learn the basic concepts of Kubernetes, so you can  have a modern, safe and reliable production infcrastructure in the cloud.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-05-08
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [azure](../tagged/azure.md), [osx](../tagged/osx.md)
---
#### [Introduction to Kubernetes](http://www.baeldung.com/kubernetes)
_<sup>http://www.baeldung.com/kubernetes</sup>_

A brief introduction to Kubernetes fundamentals.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-04-22
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [devops](../tagged/devops.md)
---
#### [Running Kubernetes Locally via Minikube - Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/getting-started-guides/minikube/)
_<sup>https://kubernetes.io/docs/getting-started-guides/minikube/</sup>_

Running Kubernetes Locally via Minikube
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [What is Kubernetes? - Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes/)
_<sup>https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes/</sup>_

High level introduction to Kubernetes...
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [paas](../tagged/paas.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes)**
---

Commit message:

remove international tags and correct some tags

tagged/kubernetes.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[kubernetes]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[kubernetes])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/kubernetes](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/kubernetes)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Kubernetes Volumes 1: emptydir, NFS, YAML, volumes, and intro to Persistent Volume Claims - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB7vI9OT-WQ)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB7vI9OT-WQ</sup>_

* [Kubernetes Volumes 1: emptydir, NFS, YAML, volumes, and intro to Persistent Volume Claims](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB7vI9OT-WQ) - We look at volume types: emptydir, NFS, YAML, volumes, moun...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-10-18
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [GitHub - kubernetes/dashboard home page](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard)
_<sup>https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard</sup>_

General-purpose web UI for Kubernetes clusters. Contribute to kubernetes/dashboard development by creating an account on GitHub.
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [dashboard](../tagged/dashboard.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard)**
---
#### [Helm Chart Templates](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/)
_<sup>https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/</sup>_

This guide provides an introduction to Helm’s chart templates, with emphasis on the template language.
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md), [go](../tagged/go.md)
---
#### [How to Create Your First Helm](https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/how-to/create-your-first-helm-chart/)
_<sup>https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/how-to/create-your-first-helm-chart/</sup>_

This guide walks you through the process of creating your first ever chart, explaining what goes inside these packages and the tools you use to develop them. By the end of it you should have an unders...
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md)
---
#### [kubernetes configmaps for beginners - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJU8l3UmKZU)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJU8l3UmKZU</sup>_

This is a tutorial on how to create Kubernetes ConfigMaps but first, let’s understand what ConfigMaps are. 

Blog post - [How to Create Kubernetes ConfigMaps](https://www.cloudtechnologyexperts.com/cr...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-06-28
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [Building Helm Charts From the Ground Up - An Introduction to Kubernetes [I] - Amy Chen, Heptio - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQX5nokoqrQ)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQX5nokoqrQ</sup>_

Learn the basics of Kubernetes from the perspective of creating a Helm Chart from scratch! Really nice explanation for beginners. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-12-15
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md)
---
#### [keycloak helm charts from codecentric](https://github.com/codecentric/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/keycloak)
_<sup>https://github.com/codecentric/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/keycloak</sup>_

This chart bootstraps a Keycloak StatefulSet on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm package manager. It provisions a fully featured Keycloak installation.
* **tags**: [keycloak](../tagged/keycloak.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/codecentric/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/keycloak)**
---
#### [Keycloak - Blog - Keycloak Cluster Setup](https://www.keycloak.org/2019/05/keycloak-cluster-setup.html)
_<sup>https://www.keycloak.org/2019/05/keycloak-cluster-setup.html</sup>_

This post shares some solutions to setup Keycloak cluster in various scenarios (e.g. cross-DC, docker cross-host, Kubernetes).
* :calendar: **published on**: 2019-05-10
* **tags**: [keycloak](../tagged/keycloak.md), [cluster-computing](../tagged/cluster-computing.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [docker](../tagged/docker.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/fit2anything/keycloak-cluster-setup-and-configuration)**
---
#### [kube-shell](https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-shell)
_<sup>https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-shell</sup>_

An integrated shell for working with the Kubernetes CLI.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [command-line-tools](../tagged/command-line-tools.md), [cli-enhancements](../tagged/cli-enhancements.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-shell)**
---
#### [An Introduction to Kubernetes](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-kubernetes)
_<sup>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-kubernetes</sup>_

In this guide, we'll discuss some of Kubernetes' basic concepts. We will talk about the architecture of the system, the problems it solves, and the model that it uses to handle containerized deploymen...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-04-02
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [How To Inspect Kubernetes Networking](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking)
_<sup>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking</sup>_

Kubernetes is a container orchestration system that can manage containerized applications across a cluster of server nodes. Maintaining network connectivity between all the containers in a cluster req...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-08-23
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [kubectl Cheat Sheet - Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/)
_<sup>https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/</sup>_

This page is an overview of the `kubectl` command.
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubectl](../tagged/kubectl.md), [cheatsheet](../tagged/cheatsheet.md)
---
#### [awesome-kubernetes](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes#readme</sup>_

A curated list for awesome kubernetes sources :ship::tada: - ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [backend](../tagged/backend.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes#readme)**
---
#### [Keycloak on Kubernetes - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_BYZ7hHWXE)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_BYZ7hHWXE</sup>_

This video is showing how to deploy Keycloak on Kubernetes as well as deploying and securing a HTML5 frontend application and a Node.js backend service and securing these with Keycloak. Video realised...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-06-27
* **tags**: [keycloak](../tagged/keycloak.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [php](../tagged/php.md), [minikube](../tagged/minikube.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/stianst/demo-kubernetes)**
---
#### [Continuous Development with Java and Kubernetes - DEV Community 👩‍💻👨‍💻](https://dev.to/pozo/continuous-development-with-java-and-kubernetes-3d08)
_<sup>https://dev.to/pozo/continuous-development-with-java-and-kubernetes-3d08</sup>_

Continuous Development with Java and Kubernetes with the help of Jib and Skaffold
* :calendar: **published on**: 2011-03-01
* **tags**: [java](../tagged/java.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [spring-boot](../tagged/spring-boot.md), [helm](../tagged/helm.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [debugging](../tagged/debugging.md), [jib](../tagged/jib.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Pozo/continuous-java-kubernetes)**
---
#### [Google Open Source Container Tools: Life of a happy developer in a container world  by  David Gageot - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uU44VviyjM)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uU44VviyjM</sup>_

Great demo explaining the utilities of the various tools listed as tags here. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-11-14
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [maven-plugin](../tagged/maven-plugin.md), [jib](../tagged/jib.md), [bazel](../tagged/bazel.md), [dockerfile](../tagged/dockerfile.md), [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [kaniko](../tagged/kaniko.md)
---
#### [Top 5 Exclusive Features of Docker For Mac That You Can’t Afford to Ignore – Collabnix](http://collabnix.com/top-5-exclusive-features-of-docker-for-mac-that-you-cant-afford-to-miss/)
_<sup>http://collabnix.com/top-5-exclusive-features-of-docker-for-mac-that-you-cant-afford-to-miss/</sup>_

Under this blog post, I will talk about top 5 exclusive and very useful features of Docker of Mac that you can’t afford to miss out.

1. Docker for Mac support Docker Swarm, Swarm Mode & Kubernetes
2....
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-05-01
* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [docker-compose](../tagged/docker-compose.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [Simplifying Kubernetes with Docker Compose and Friends - Docker Blog](https://blog.docker.com/2018/12/simplifying-kubernetes-with-docker-compose-and-friends/)
_<sup>https://blog.docker.com/2018/12/simplifying-kubernetes-with-docker-compose-and-friends/</sup>_

Simplifying Kubernetes with Docker Compose and Friends - Docker Blog

Today we’re happy to announce we’re open sourcing our support for using [Docker Compose on Kubernetes](https://github.com/docker/c...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-04-12
* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [docker-compose](../tagged/docker-compose.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/docker/compose-on-kubernetes)**
---
#### [Draft vs Gitkube vs Helm vs Ksonnet vs Metaparticle vs Skaffold](https://blog.hasura.io/draft-vs-gitkube-vs-helm-vs-ksonnet-vs-metaparticle-vs-skaffold-f5aa9561f948/#ba14)
_<sup>https://blog.hasura.io/draft-vs-gitkube-vs-helm-vs-ksonnet-vs-metaparticle-vs-skaffold-f5aa9561f948/...</sup>_

TL;DR
Draft
- deploy code to k8s cluster (automates build-push-deploy)
- deploy code in draft-pack supported languages without writing dockerfile or k8s manifests
- needs draft cli, helm cli, t...
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md)
---
#### [Draft home page](https://draft.sh/)
_<sup>https://draft.sh/</sup>_

Draft is a tool for developers to create cloud-native applications on Kubernetes.
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [draft](../tagged/draft.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/azure/draft)**
---
#### [Skaffold home page](https://skaffold.dev/)
_<sup>https://skaffold.dev/</sup>_

Easy and Repeatable Kubernetes Development

* [integration annotated-example](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/blob/b9c979d7b59a15bba9e4a9c7977ece407b21d0c4/integration/examples/annota...
* **tags**: [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold)**
---
#### [Using Kubernetes for Local Development](https://nemethgergely.com/using-kubernetes-for-local-development/)
_<sup>https://nemethgergely.com/using-kubernetes-for-local-development/</sup>_

This article walks you through how you can develop an application locally using Kubernetes
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-07-03
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [skaffold](../tagged/skaffold.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/gergelyke/skaffold-nodejs-example)**
---
#### [Optimising Kubernetes deployments with Helm by Erwin de Gier - YouTube [16m]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXZBuBQpm-Q)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXZBuBQpm-Q</sup>_

Kubernetes is has become a very popular platform for running and managing your application in Docker containers. However, the basis Kubernetes YAML files are a bit cumbersome to work with. Helm is a t...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-11-14
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
---
#### [GitHub - helm/charts - Curated applications for Kubernetes](https://github.com/helm/charts)
_<sup>https://github.com/helm/charts</sup>_

Curated applications for Kubernetes. 
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/helm/charts)**
---
#### [Kubernetes + Compose = Kompose](http://kompose.io/)
_<sup>http://kompose.io/</sup>_

kompose is a tool to help users familiar with docker-compose move to Kubernetes. It takes a Docker Compose file and translates it into Kubernetes resources.

* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [docker-compose](../tagged/docker-compose.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [devops](../tagged/devops.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kompose)**
---
#### [Helm Docs home page](https://helm.sh/)
_<sup>https://helm.sh/</sup>_

Helm - The Kubernetes Package Manager.

Helm helps you manage Kubernetes applications — Helm Charts help you define, install, and upgrade even the most complex Kubernetes application.

Charts are easy...
* **tags**: [helm](../tagged/helm.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/helm/helm)**
---
#### [Istio home page](https://istio.io/)
_<sup>https://istio.io/</sup>_

Istio is an open platform for providing a uniform way to integrate microservices, manage traffic flow across microservices, enforce policies and aggregate telemetry data. Istio's control plane provide...
* **tags**: [istio](../tagged/istio.md), [microservices](../tagged/microservices.md), [api-management](../tagged/api-management.md), [circuit-breaker](../tagged/circuit-breaker.md), [proxy](../tagged/proxy.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/istio/istio)**
---
#### [kubernetes-for-java-developers repo from Aron Gupta](https://github.com/aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers)
_<sup>https://github.com/aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers</sup>_

A Day in Java Developer’s Life, with a taste of Kubernetes - aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers. sample. example.
* **tags**: [java](../tagged/java.md), [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [kubernetes-helm](../tagged/kubernetes-helm.md), [maven-plugin](../tagged/maven-plugin.md), [istio](../tagged/istio.md), [aws](../tagged/aws.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/aws-samples/kubernetes-for-java-developers)**
---
#### [Spring Boot Micro-services, Containers, and Kubernetes - How To - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bcs-inRnLDc)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bcs-inRnLDc</sup>_

Recorded at SpringOne2GX 2015 Speaker: Ray Tsang, Google Slides: TBD Join this session to learn how to create a Java-based microservice using Spring Boot, co...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-10-19
* **tags**: [spring-boot](../tagged/spring-boot.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [microservices](../tagged/microservices.md)
---
#### [Kubernetes in Docker for Mac - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWupQjdjLN0)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWupQjdjLN0</sup>_

At DockerCon EU 2017, Docker announced support is coming for Kubernetes in Docker for Desktop. In this video, Docker Developer Advocate Elton Stoneman demonstrates how easy it will be to spin up a ful...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-10-17
* **tags**: [docker](../tagged/docker.md), [macos](../tagged/macos.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [Jenkins X home](https://jenkins-x.io/)
_<sup>https://jenkins-x.io/</sup>_

Jenkins X is a CI/CD solution for modern cloud applications on Kubernetes
* **tags**: [jenkins](../tagged/jenkins.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [tools](../tagged/tools.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/jenkins-x/jx)**
---
#### [Orchestrating Node.js Containers with Kubernetes - NodeSource](https://nodesource.com/blog/orchestrating-nodejs-containers-with-kubernetes)
_<sup>https://nodesource.com/blog/orchestrating-nodejs-containers-with-kubernetes</sup>_

Look under the Kubernetes hood to learn more about how K8s automates orchestration of Node.js application containers. 
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-05-07
* **tags**: [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [What is Kubernetes & How to Get Started With It ](https://blog.risingstack.com/what-is-kubernetes-how-to-get-started/)
_<sup>https://blog.risingstack.com/what-is-kubernetes-how-to-get-started/</sup>_

This article helps you to learn the basic concepts of Kubernetes, so you can  have a modern, safe and reliable production infcrastructure in the cloud.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-05-08
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [azure](../tagged/azure.md), [osx](../tagged/osx.md)
---
#### [Introduction to Kubernetes](http://www.baeldung.com/kubernetes)
_<sup>http://www.baeldung.com/kubernetes</sup>_

A brief introduction to Kubernetes fundamentals.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-04-22
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [devops](../tagged/devops.md)
---
#### [Running Kubernetes Locally via Minikube - Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/getting-started-guides/minikube/)
_<sup>https://kubernetes.io/docs/getting-started-guides/minikube/</sup>_

Running Kubernetes Locally via Minikube
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md)
---
#### [What is Kubernetes? - Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes/)
_<sup>https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes/</sup>_

High level introduction to Kubernetes...
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [paas](../tagged/paas.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes)**
---
