tagged/networking.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[networking]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[networking])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/networking](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/networking)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [asyncio](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html)
_<sup>https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html</sup>_

(Python standard library) Asynchronous I/O, event loop, coroutines and tasks.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [awesome-asyncio](https://github.com/timofurrer/awesome-asyncio)
_<sup>https://github.com/timofurrer/awesome-asyncio</sup>_

A curated list of awesome Python asyncio frameworks, libraries, software and resources - timofurrer/awesome-asyncio
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/timofurrer/awesome-asyncio)**
---
#### [pulsar](https://github.com/quantmind/pulsar)
_<sup>https://github.com/quantmind/pulsar</sup>_

Event-driven concurrent framework for Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/quantmind/pulsar)**
---
#### [pyzmq](https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq)
_<sup>https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq</sup>_

A Python wrapper for the ZeroMQ message library.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq)**
---
#### [Twisted](https://twistedmatrix.com/trac/)
_<sup>https://twistedmatrix.com/trac/</sup>_

An event-driven networking engine.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [napalm](https://github.com/napalm-automation/napalm)
_<sup>https://github.com/napalm-automation/napalm</sup>_

Cross-vendor API to manipulate network devices.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/napalm-automation/napalm)**
---
#### [get-port](https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-port)
_<sup>https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-port</sup>_

Get an available port.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-port)**
---
#### [ipify](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ipify)
_<sup>https://github.com/sindresorhus/ipify</sup>_

Get your public IP address.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ipify)**
---
#### [getmac](https://github.com/bevry/getmac)
_<sup>https://github.com/bevry/getmac</sup>_

Get the computer MAC address.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/bevry/getmac)**
---
#### [DHCP](https://github.com/infusion/node-dhcp)
_<sup>https://github.com/infusion/node-dhcp</sup>_

DHCP client and server.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/infusion/node-dhcp)**
---
#### [netcat](https://github.com/roccomuso/netcat)
_<sup>https://github.com/roccomuso/netcat</sup>_

Netcat port in pure JS.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/roccomuso/netcat)**
---
#### [AkkaGRPC](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc)
_<sup>https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc</sup>_

Support for building streaming gRPC servers and clients on top of Akka Streams.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc)**
---
#### [Comsat](https://github.com/puniverse/comsat)
_<sup>https://github.com/puniverse/comsat</sup>_

Integrates standard Java web-related APIs with Quasar fibers and actors.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/puniverse/comsat)**
---
#### [Dubbo](https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo)
_<sup>https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo</sup>_

High-performance RPC framework.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo)**
---
#### [Finagle](https://github.com/twitter/finagle)
_<sup>https://github.com/twitter/finagle</sup>_

Extensible RPC system for constructing high-concurrency servers. It implements uniform client and server APIs for several protocols, and is protocol-agnostic to simplify implementation of new protocol...
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/twitter/finagle)**
---
#### [Grizzly](https://javaee.github.io/grizzly)
_<sup>https://javaee.github.io/grizzly</sup>_

NIO framework. Used as a network layer in Glassfish.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java)
_<sup>https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java</sup>_

RPC framework based on protobuf and HTTP/2.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java)**
---
#### [KryoNet](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet)
_<sup>https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet</sup>_

Provides a clean and simple API for efficient TCP and UDP client/server network communication using NIO and Kryo.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet)**
---
#### [MINA](https://mina.apache.org)
_<sup>https://mina.apache.org</sup>_

Abstract, event-driven async I/O API for network operations over TCP/IP and UDP/IP via Java NIO.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Netty](https://netty.io)
_<sup>https://netty.io</sup>_

Framework for building high-performance network applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Nifty](https://github.com/facebook/nifty)
_<sup>https://github.com/facebook/nifty</sup>_

Implementation of Thrift clients and servers on Netty.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/facebook/nifty)**
---
#### [sshj](https://github.com/hierynomus/sshj)
_<sup>https://github.com/hierynomus/sshj</sup>_

Programatically use SSH, SCP or SFTP.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/hierynomus/sshj)**
---
#### [TLS Channel](https://github.com/marianobarrios/tls-channel)
_<sup>https://github.com/marianobarrios/tls-channel</sup>_

Implements a ByteChannel interface over SSLEngine, enabling easy-to-use (socket-like) TLS.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/marianobarrios/tls-channel)**
---
#### [Undertow](http://undertow.io)
_<sup>http://undertow.io</sup>_

Web server providing both blocking and non-blocking APIs based on NIO. Used as a network layer in WildFly.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [urnlib](https://github.com/slub/urnlib)
_<sup>https://github.com/slub/urnlib</sup>_

Represent, parse and encode URNs, as in RFC 2141.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/slub/urnlib)**
---
#### [How To Inspect Kubernetes Networking](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking)
_<sup>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking</sup>_

Kubernetes is a container orchestration system that can manage containerized applications across a cluster of server nodes. Maintaining network connectivity between all the containers in a cluster req...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-08-23
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [awesome-network-js](https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-network-js#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-network-js#readme</sup>_

A :tophat: list of network layer resources written pure JS. - Kikobeats/awesome-network-js
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [programming-languages](../tagged/programming-languages.md), [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-network-js#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-Awesome-Game-Networking](https://github.com/MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking#readme</sup>_

A Curated List of Game Network Programming Resources - MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [game-development](../tagged/game-development.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-sdn](https://github.com/sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn#readme</sup>_

A awesome list about Software Defined Network (SDN) - sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn#readme)**
---
#### [Site-to-site VPN](https://computer.howstuffworks.com/vpn4.htm)
_<sup>https://computer.howstuffworks.com/vpn4.htm</sup>_

Site-to-site VPN - A site-to-site VPN allows offices in multiple fixed locations to establish secure connections with each other. Learn how site-to-site VPNs works.
* **tags**: [glossary](../tagged/glossary.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md), [vpn](../tagged/vpn.md)
---
#### [Bufferbloat - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bufferbloat)
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bufferbloat</sup>_

Bufferbloat is a cause of high latency in packet-switched networks caused by excess buffering of packets. Bufferbloat can also cause packet delay variation (also known as jitter), as well as reduce th...
* **tags**: [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Spoofing attack - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoofing_attack)
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoofing_attack</sup>_

In the context of network security, a spoofing attack is a situation in which one person or program successfully masquerades as another by falsifying data, thereby gaining an illegitimate advantage.
* **tags**: [networking](../tagged/networking.md), [security](../tagged/security.md), [glossary](../tagged/glossary.md)
---
#### [Virtual LAN - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_LAN)
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_LAN</sup>_

A virtual LAN (VLAN) is any broadcast domain that is partitioned and isolated in a computer network at the data link layer (OSI layer 2). VLANs work by applying tags to network packets and handling th...
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Разъяснение HTTP2](https://github.com/vlet/http2-explained/blob/master/http2.ru.pdf?raw=true)
_<sup>https://github.com/vlet/http2-explained/blob/master/http2.ru.pdf?raw=true</sup>_

Даниэль Штенберг (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ru](../tagged/free-programming-books-ru.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [ZeroMQ Guide](http://zguide.zeromq.org/page%3Aall)
_<sup>http://zguide.zeromq.org/page%3Aall</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Understanding IP Addressing: Everything you ever wanted to know](http://pages.di.unipi.it/ricci/501302.pdf)
_<sup>http://pages.di.unipi.it/ricci/501302.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [The TCP/IP Guide](http://www.tcpipguide.com/free/t_toc.htm)
_<sup>http://www.tcpipguide.com/free/t_toc.htm</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [HTTP2 Explained](http://daniel.haxx.se/http2/)
_<sup>http://daniel.haxx.se/http2/</sup>_

Daniel Stenberg
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [HTTP Succinctly, Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/http)
_<sup>https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/http</sup>_

(PDF, Kindle) *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [High-Performance Browser Networking](https://hpbn.co)
_<sup>https://hpbn.co</sup>_

Ilya Grigorik
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Computer Networking : Principles, Protocols and Practice](http://cnp3book.info.ucl.ac.be/1st/html/index.html)
_<sup>http://cnp3book.info.ucl.ac.be/1st/html/index.html</sup>_

(HTML, ePub, PDF, Kindle)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Code Connected vol.1](http://hintjens.wdfiles.com/local--files/main%3Afiles/cc1pe.pdf)
_<sup>http://hintjens.wdfiles.com/local--files/main%3Afiles/cc1pe.pdf</sup>_

(PDF) (book on ZeroMQ)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Bits, Signals, and Packets: An Introduction to Digital Communications and Networks](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-02-introduction-to-eecs-ii-digital-communication-systems-fall-2012/readings/)
_<sup>http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-02-introduction-to-eecs-ii-...</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [An Introduction to Computer Networks](http://intronetworks.cs.luc.edu)
_<sup>http://intronetworks.cs.luc.edu</sup>_

(HTML, PDF, Kindle)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [802.11ac: A Survival Guide](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000001739)
_<sup>http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000001739</sup>_

Matthew Gast
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [DNS Records: an Introduction](https://www.linode.com/docs/networking/dns/dns-records-an-introduction/)
_<sup>https://www.linode.com/docs/networking/dns/dns-records-an-introduction/</sup>_

The Domain Name System (DNS) is the Internet’s address book. DNS directs web traffic to your Linode and email to your inbox by mapping memorable domain names like `example.com` to IP addresses like `1...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-01-20
* **tags**: [dns](../tagged/dns.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [What is reverse DNS and why should you care?](https://blog.leadfeeder.com/what-is-reverse-dns-and-why-you-should-care/)
_<sup>https://blog.leadfeeder.com/what-is-reverse-dns-and-why-you-should-care/</sup>_

Reverse DNS (rDNS) lookup is the reverse of the usual “forward DNS lookup” where the DNS is queried for the IP address of a certain hostname. In reverse DNS, the DNS is queried for the hostname of a c...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-03-06
* **tags**: [dns](../tagged/dns.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---

Commit message:

add new dev bookmarks from last 3 weeks and ones mentioned in awesome ruby

tagged/networking.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[networking]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[networking])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/networking](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/networking)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Dnsruby](https://github.com/alexdalitz/dnsruby)
_<sup>https://github.com/alexdalitz/dnsruby</sup>_

A pure Ruby DNS client library which implements a stub resolver. It aims to comply with all DNS RFCs.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/alexdalitz/dnsruby)**
---
#### [RubyDNS](https://github.com/ioquatix/rubydns)
_<sup>https://github.com/ioquatix/rubydns</sup>_

A high-performance DNS server which can be easily integrated into other projects or used as a stand-alone daemon.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/ioquatix/rubydns)**
---
#### [asyncio](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html)
_<sup>https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html</sup>_

(Python standard library) Asynchronous I/O, event loop, coroutines and tasks.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [awesome-asyncio](https://github.com/timofurrer/awesome-asyncio)
_<sup>https://github.com/timofurrer/awesome-asyncio</sup>_

A curated list of awesome Python asyncio frameworks, libraries, software and resources - timofurrer/awesome-asyncio
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/timofurrer/awesome-asyncio)**
---
#### [pulsar](https://github.com/quantmind/pulsar)
_<sup>https://github.com/quantmind/pulsar</sup>_

Event-driven concurrent framework for Python.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/quantmind/pulsar)**
---
#### [pyzmq](https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq)
_<sup>https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq</sup>_

A Python wrapper for the ZeroMQ message library.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/zeromq/pyzmq)**
---
#### [Twisted](https://twistedmatrix.com/trac/)
_<sup>https://twistedmatrix.com/trac/</sup>_

An event-driven networking engine.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [napalm](https://github.com/napalm-automation/napalm)
_<sup>https://github.com/napalm-automation/napalm</sup>_

Cross-vendor API to manipulate network devices.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/napalm-automation/napalm)**
---
#### [get-port](https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-port)
_<sup>https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-port</sup>_

Get an available port.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-port)**
---
#### [ipify](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ipify)
_<sup>https://github.com/sindresorhus/ipify</sup>_

Get your public IP address.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ipify)**
---
#### [getmac](https://github.com/bevry/getmac)
_<sup>https://github.com/bevry/getmac</sup>_

Get the computer MAC address.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/bevry/getmac)**
---
#### [DHCP](https://github.com/infusion/node-dhcp)
_<sup>https://github.com/infusion/node-dhcp</sup>_

DHCP client and server.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/infusion/node-dhcp)**
---
#### [netcat](https://github.com/roccomuso/netcat)
_<sup>https://github.com/roccomuso/netcat</sup>_

Netcat port in pure JS.
* **tags**: [awesome-nodejs](../tagged/awesome-nodejs.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/roccomuso/netcat)**
---
#### [AkkaGRPC](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc)
_<sup>https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc</sup>_

Support for building streaming gRPC servers and clients on top of Akka Streams.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc)**
---
#### [Comsat](https://github.com/puniverse/comsat)
_<sup>https://github.com/puniverse/comsat</sup>_

Integrates standard Java web-related APIs with Quasar fibers and actors.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/puniverse/comsat)**
---
#### [Dubbo](https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo)
_<sup>https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo</sup>_

High-performance RPC framework.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo)**
---
#### [Finagle](https://github.com/twitter/finagle)
_<sup>https://github.com/twitter/finagle</sup>_

Extensible RPC system for constructing high-concurrency servers. It implements uniform client and server APIs for several protocols, and is protocol-agnostic to simplify implementation of new protocol...
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/twitter/finagle)**
---
#### [Grizzly](https://javaee.github.io/grizzly)
_<sup>https://javaee.github.io/grizzly</sup>_

NIO framework. Used as a network layer in Glassfish.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java)
_<sup>https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java</sup>_

RPC framework based on protobuf and HTTP/2.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java)**
---
#### [KryoNet](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet)
_<sup>https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet</sup>_

Provides a clean and simple API for efficient TCP and UDP client/server network communication using NIO and Kryo.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet)**
---
#### [MINA](https://mina.apache.org)
_<sup>https://mina.apache.org</sup>_

Abstract, event-driven async I/O API for network operations over TCP/IP and UDP/IP via Java NIO.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Netty](https://netty.io)
_<sup>https://netty.io</sup>_

Framework for building high-performance network applications.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Nifty](https://github.com/facebook/nifty)
_<sup>https://github.com/facebook/nifty</sup>_

Implementation of Thrift clients and servers on Netty.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/facebook/nifty)**
---
#### [sshj](https://github.com/hierynomus/sshj)
_<sup>https://github.com/hierynomus/sshj</sup>_

Programatically use SSH, SCP or SFTP.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/hierynomus/sshj)**
---
#### [TLS Channel](https://github.com/marianobarrios/tls-channel)
_<sup>https://github.com/marianobarrios/tls-channel</sup>_

Implements a ByteChannel interface over SSLEngine, enabling easy-to-use (socket-like) TLS.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/marianobarrios/tls-channel)**
---
#### [Undertow](http://undertow.io)
_<sup>http://undertow.io</sup>_

Web server providing both blocking and non-blocking APIs based on NIO. Used as a network layer in WildFly.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [urnlib](https://github.com/slub/urnlib)
_<sup>https://github.com/slub/urnlib</sup>_

Represent, parse and encode URNs, as in RFC 2141.
* **tags**: [awesome-java](../tagged/awesome-java.md), [java](../tagged/java.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/slub/urnlib)**
---
#### [How To Inspect Kubernetes Networking](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking)
_<sup>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-inspect-kubernetes-networking</sup>_

Kubernetes is a container orchestration system that can manage containerized applications across a cluster of server nodes. Maintaining network connectivity between all the containers in a cluster req...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-08-23
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [awesome-network-js](https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-network-js#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-network-js#readme</sup>_

A :tophat: list of network layer resources written pure JS. - Kikobeats/awesome-network-js
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [programming-languages](../tagged/programming-languages.md), [javascript](../tagged/javascript.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-network-js#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-Awesome-Game-Networking](https://github.com/MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking#readme</sup>_

A Curated List of Game Network Programming Resources - MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [game-development](../tagged/game-development.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/MFatihMAR/Awesome-Game-Networking#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-sdn](https://github.com/sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn#readme</sup>_

A awesome list about Software Defined Network (SDN) - sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/sdnds-tw/awesome-sdn#readme)**
---
#### [Site-to-site VPN](https://computer.howstuffworks.com/vpn4.htm)
_<sup>https://computer.howstuffworks.com/vpn4.htm</sup>_

Site-to-site VPN - A site-to-site VPN allows offices in multiple fixed locations to establish secure connections with each other. Learn how site-to-site VPNs works.
* **tags**: [glossary](../tagged/glossary.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md), [vpn](../tagged/vpn.md)
---
#### [Bufferbloat - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bufferbloat)
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bufferbloat</sup>_

Bufferbloat is a cause of high latency in packet-switched networks caused by excess buffering of packets. Bufferbloat can also cause packet delay variation (also known as jitter), as well as reduce th...
* **tags**: [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Spoofing attack - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoofing_attack)
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoofing_attack</sup>_

In the context of network security, a spoofing attack is a situation in which one person or program successfully masquerades as another by falsifying data, thereby gaining an illegitimate advantage.
* **tags**: [networking](../tagged/networking.md), [security](../tagged/security.md), [glossary](../tagged/glossary.md)
---
#### [Virtual LAN - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_LAN)
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_LAN</sup>_

A virtual LAN (VLAN) is any broadcast domain that is partitioned and isolated in a computer network at the data link layer (OSI layer 2). VLANs work by applying tags to network packets and handling th...
* **tags**: [security](../tagged/security.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Разъяснение HTTP2](https://github.com/vlet/http2-explained/blob/master/http2.ru.pdf?raw=true)
_<sup>https://github.com/vlet/http2-explained/blob/master/http2.ru.pdf?raw=true</sup>_

Даниэль Штенберг (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ru](../tagged/free-programming-books-ru.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [ZeroMQ Guide](http://zguide.zeromq.org/page%3Aall)
_<sup>http://zguide.zeromq.org/page%3Aall</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Understanding IP Addressing: Everything you ever wanted to know](http://pages.di.unipi.it/ricci/501302.pdf)
_<sup>http://pages.di.unipi.it/ricci/501302.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [The TCP/IP Guide](http://www.tcpipguide.com/free/t_toc.htm)
_<sup>http://www.tcpipguide.com/free/t_toc.htm</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [HTTP2 Explained](http://daniel.haxx.se/http2/)
_<sup>http://daniel.haxx.se/http2/</sup>_

Daniel Stenberg
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [HTTP Succinctly, Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/http)
_<sup>https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/http</sup>_

(PDF, Kindle) *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [High-Performance Browser Networking](https://hpbn.co)
_<sup>https://hpbn.co</sup>_

Ilya Grigorik
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Computer Networking : Principles, Protocols and Practice](http://cnp3book.info.ucl.ac.be/1st/html/index.html)
_<sup>http://cnp3book.info.ucl.ac.be/1st/html/index.html</sup>_

(HTML, ePub, PDF, Kindle)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Code Connected vol.1](http://hintjens.wdfiles.com/local--files/main%3Afiles/cc1pe.pdf)
_<sup>http://hintjens.wdfiles.com/local--files/main%3Afiles/cc1pe.pdf</sup>_

(PDF) (book on ZeroMQ)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [Bits, Signals, and Packets: An Introduction to Digital Communications and Networks](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-02-introduction-to-eecs-ii-digital-communication-systems-fall-2012/readings/)
_<sup>http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-02-introduction-to-eecs-ii-...</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [An Introduction to Computer Networks](http://intronetworks.cs.luc.edu)
_<sup>http://intronetworks.cs.luc.edu</sup>_

(HTML, PDF, Kindle)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [802.11ac: A Survival Guide](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000001739)
_<sup>http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000001739</sup>_

Matthew Gast
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [DNS Records: an Introduction](https://www.linode.com/docs/networking/dns/dns-records-an-introduction/)
_<sup>https://www.linode.com/docs/networking/dns/dns-records-an-introduction/</sup>_

The Domain Name System (DNS) is the Internet’s address book. DNS directs web traffic to your Linode and email to your inbox by mapping memorable domain names like `example.com` to IP addresses like `1...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2015-01-20
* **tags**: [dns](../tagged/dns.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
#### [What is reverse DNS and why should you care?](https://blog.leadfeeder.com/what-is-reverse-dns-and-why-you-should-care/)
_<sup>https://blog.leadfeeder.com/what-is-reverse-dns-and-why-you-should-care/</sup>_

Reverse DNS (rDNS) lookup is the reverse of the usual “forward DNS lookup” where the DNS is queried for the IP address of a certain hostname. In reverse DNS, the DNS is queried for the hostname of a c...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2017-03-06
* **tags**: [dns](../tagged/dns.md), [networking](../tagged/networking.md)
---
