tagged/oop.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[oop]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[oop])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/oop](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/oop)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Composition versus Inheritance](https://www.artima.com/designtechniques/compoinh.html)
_<sup>https://www.artima.com/designtechniques/compoinh.html</sup>_

Article describing how to use composition and inheritance in Java program designs.

 Inheritance
When you establish an inheritance relationship between two classes, you get to take advantage of dyn...
* :calendar: **published on**: 98-01-01
* **tags**: [oop](../tagged/oop.md), [java](../tagged/java.md)
---
#### [Stuart Halloway - Narcissistic Design - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEZv-kQUSi4)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEZv-kQUSi4</sup>_

The software industry changes rapidly, but you can protect yourself from these changes by creating code that is complicated enough that only you can maintain...
* **tags**: [oop](../tagged/oop.md), [software-design](../tagged/software-design.md)
---
#### [Factory (object-oriented programming) - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factory_(object-oriented_programming))
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factory_(object-oriented_programming)</sup>_

In [object-oriented programming (OOP)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming), a factory is an object for creating other objects – formally a factory is a function or method that r...
* **tags**: [basic-knowledge](../tagged/basic-knowledge.md), [oop](../tagged/oop.md), [design-patterns](../tagged/design-patterns.md)
---

Commit message:

remove international tags and correct some tags

tagged/oop.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[oop]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[oop])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/oop](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/oop)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [NestJS - A progressive Node.js web framework](https://nestjs.com/)
_<sup>https://nestjs.com/</sup>_

NestJS is a framework for building efficient, scalable Node.js web applications. It uses modern JavaScript, is built with TypeScript and combines elements of OOP (Object Oriented Progamming), FP (Func...
* **tags**: [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [typescript](../tagged/typescript.md), [functional-programming](../tagged/functional-programming.md), [oop](../tagged/oop.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nestjs/nest)**
---
#### [Composition versus Inheritance](https://www.artima.com/designtechniques/compoinh.html)
_<sup>https://www.artima.com/designtechniques/compoinh.html</sup>_

Article describing how to use composition and inheritance in Java program designs.

 Inheritance
When you establish an inheritance relationship between two classes, you get to take advantage of dyn...
* :calendar: **published on**: 98-01-01
* **tags**: [oop](../tagged/oop.md), [java](../tagged/java.md)
---
#### [Stuart Halloway - Narcissistic Design - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEZv-kQUSi4)
_<sup>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEZv-kQUSi4</sup>_

The software industry changes rapidly, but you can protect yourself from these changes by creating code that is complicated enough that only you can maintain...
* **tags**: [oop](../tagged/oop.md), [software-design](../tagged/software-design.md)
---
#### [Factory (object-oriented programming) - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factory_(object-oriented_programming))
_<sup>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factory_(object-oriented_programming)</sup>_

In [object-oriented programming (OOP)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming), a factory is an object for creating other objects – formally a factory is a function or method that r...
* **tags**: [basic-knowledge](../tagged/basic-knowledge.md), [oop](../tagged/oop.md), [design-patterns](../tagged/design-patterns.md)
---
