tagged/r.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[r]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[r])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/r](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/r)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [awesome-R](https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme</sup>_

A curated list of awesome R packages, frameworks and software. - qinwf/awesome-R
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [programming-languages](../tagged/programming-languages.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-rbooks](https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks#readme</sup>_

A curated list of rstats books. Contribute to RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks development by creating an account on GitHub.
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [book](../tagged/book.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks#readme)**
---
#### [Writing R Extensions](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html)
_<sup>https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html</sup>_

Writing R Extensions - the canonical reference for writing R packages.
* **tags**: [r](../tagged/r.md), [package-manager](../tagged/package-manager.md)
---
#### [Рандомизация и бутстреп: статистический анализ в биологии и экологии с использованием R.](http://www.ievbras.ru/ecostat/Kiril/Article/A32/Starb.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.ievbras.ru/ecostat/Kiril/Article/A32/Starb.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-ru](../tagged/free-programming-books-ru.md)
---
#### [Анализ данных с R](http://www.inp.nsk.su/~baldin/DataAnalysis/index.html)
_<sup>http://www.inp.nsk.su/~baldin/DataAnalysis/index.html</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-ru](../tagged/free-programming-books-ru.md)
---
#### [統計解析フリーソフトRの備忘録](http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips.pdf)
_<sup>http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips.pdf</sup>_

竹澤邦夫 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [統計解析ソフトRのスクリプト集](http://psych.educa.nagoya-u.ac.jp/doc/Rscripts_ishii.pdf)
_<sup>http://psych.educa.nagoya-u.ac.jp/doc/Rscripts_ishii.pdf</sup>_

石井秀宗 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [無料統計ソフトRで心理学](http://blue.zero.jp/yokumura/Rhtml/Haebera2002.html)
_<sup>http://blue.zero.jp/yokumura/Rhtml/Haebera2002.html</sup>_

奥村泰之
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Rによる統計解析の基礎](http://minato.sip21c.org/statlib/stat.pdf)
_<sup>http://minato.sip21c.org/statlib/stat.pdf</sup>_

中澤港 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Rによる保健医療データ解析演習](http://minato.sip21c.org/msb/medstatbook.pdf)
_<sup>http://minato.sip21c.org/msb/medstatbook.pdf</sup>_

中澤港 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Rチュートリアルセミナーテキスト](http://psycho.edu.yamaguchi-u.ac.jp/?page_id=626)
_<sup>http://psycho.edu.yamaguchi-u.ac.jp/?page_id=626</sup>_

小杉考司, 押江隆 (PDF, ePUB)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R 言語定義](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-lang.jp.v110.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-lang.jp.v110.pdf</sup>_

R Development Core Team, 間瀬茂(翻訳) (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R 基本統計関数マニュアル](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/Mase-Rstatman.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/Mase-Rstatman.pdf</sup>_

間瀬茂 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R 入門](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-intro-170.jp.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-intro-170.jp.pdf</sup>_

W. N. Venables, D. M. Smith and the R Development Core Team, 間瀬茂(翻訳) (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R プログラミング / 発展編](http://stat.biopapyrus.net/dev/)
_<sup>http://stat.biopapyrus.net/dev/</sup>_

孫建強
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R プログラミング](http://stat.biopapyrus.net/r/)
_<sup>http://stat.biopapyrus.net/r/</sup>_

孫建強
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R グラフィックス](http://stat.biopapyrus.net/graph/)
_<sup>http://stat.biopapyrus.net/graph/</sup>_

孫建強
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R-Tips](http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips/r2.html)
_<sup>http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips/r2.html</sup>_

舟尾暢男
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R para Principiantes](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/rdebuts_es.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/rdebuts_es.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Optimización Matemática con R: Volúmen I](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Optimizacion_Matematica_con_R_Volumen_I.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Optimizacion_Matematica_con_R_Volumen_I.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Métodos Estadísticos con R y R Commander](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Saez-Castillo-RRCmdrv21.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Saez-Castillo-RRCmdrv21.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Introducción al uso y programación del sistema estadístico R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/curso-R.Diaz-Uriarte.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/curso-R.Diaz-Uriarte.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Introducción a R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/R-intro-1.1.0-espanol.1.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/R-intro-1.1.0-espanol.1.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Gráficos Estadísticos con R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/grafi3.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/grafi3.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Generacion automática de reportes con R y LaTeX](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Rivera-Tutorial_Sweave.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Rivera-Tutorial_Sweave.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Cartas sobre Estadística de la Revista Argentina de Bioingeniería](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Risk-Cartas-sobre-Estadistica.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Risk-Cartas-sobre-Estadistica.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Introduction à la programmation en R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Goulet_introduction_programmation_R.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Goulet_introduction_programmation_R.pdf</sup>_

Vincent Goulet (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fr](../tagged/free-programming-books-fr.md)
---
#### [Tidy Text Mining with R](http://tidytextmining.com)
_<sup>http://tidytextmining.com</sup>_

Julia Silge and David Robinson
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The R Manuals](http://cran.r-project.org/manuals.html)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/manuals.html</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The R Language](http://stat.ethz.ch/R-manual/R-patched/doc/html)
_<sup>http://stat.ethz.ch/R-manual/R-patched/doc/html</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The R Inferno](http://www.burns-stat.com/pages/Tutor/R_inferno.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.burns-stat.com/pages/Tutor/R_inferno.pdf</sup>_

Patrick Burns (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The caret Package](http://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html)
_<sup>http://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html</sup>_

Max Kuhn
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Succinctly, Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/rsuccinctly)
_<sup>https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/rsuccinctly</sup>_

(PDF, Kindle) *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Programming for Data Science](https://leanpub.com/rprogramming)
_<sup>https://leanpub.com/rprogramming</sup>_

(Needs valid email)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Programming](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming)
_<sup>https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Practicals](http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/R/practicalsBookNoAns.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/R/practicalsBookNoAns.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Packages](http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz)
_<sup>http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz</sup>_

Hadley Wickham
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Language for Programmers](http://www.johndcook.com/blog/r_language_for_programmers)
_<sup>http://www.johndcook.com/blog/r_language_for_programmers</sup>_

John D. Cook
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R for Spatial Analysis](http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/spatialEpiBook.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/spatialEpiBook.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Practical Regression and Anova using R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Faraway-PRA.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Faraway-PRA.pdf</sup>_

Julian J. Faraway (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R for Data Science](http://r4ds.had.co.nz)
_<sup>http://r4ds.had.co.nz</sup>_

Garrett Grolemund and Hadley Wickham
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [ModernDive](https://ismayc.github.io/moderndiver-book/)
_<sup>https://ismayc.github.io/moderndiver-book/</sup>_

Chester Ismay and Albert Y. Kim
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Machine Learning with R](https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/r-machine-learning)
_<sup>https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/r-machine-learning</sup>_

Brett Lantz, Packt. *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Introduction to Probability and Statistics Using R](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/IPSUR/vignettes/IPSUR.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/IPSUR/vignettes/IPSUR.pdf</sup>_

G. Jay Kerns (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Learning Statistics with R](http://health.adelaide.edu.au/psychology/ccs/teaching/lsr)
_<sup>http://health.adelaide.edu.au/psychology/ccs/teaching/lsr</sup>_

Daniel Navarro
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Cookbook for R](http://www.cookbook-r.com)
_<sup>http://www.cookbook-r.com</sup>_

Winston Chang
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Advanced R Programming](http://adv-r.had.co.nz)
_<sup>http://adv-r.had.co.nz</sup>_

Hadley Wickham
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [统计学与 R 读书笔记](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Xu-Statistics_and_R.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Xu-Statistics_and_R.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [用 R 构建 Shiny 应用程序](http://yanping.me/shiny-tutorial/)
_<sup>http://yanping.me/shiny-tutorial/</sup>_

(《Building 'Shiny' Applications with R》中文版)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [R 导论](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ding-R-intro_cn.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ding-R-intro_cn.pdf</sup>_

(《An Introduction to R》中文版) (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [153分钟学会 R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Liu-FAQ.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Liu-FAQ.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [Ekonometriye Yeni Başlayanlar için Kısa bir R Kılavuzu](https://github.com/emraher/eybkbrk)
_<sup>https://github.com/emraher/eybkbrk</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-tr](../tagged/free-programming-books-tr.md)
---
#### [موضعات ویژه در R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R_topics_in_Farsi.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R_topics_in_Farsi.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md)
---
#### [راهنمای زبان R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R-lang_in_Farsi.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R-lang_in_Farsi.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md)
---
#### [تحلیل شبکه‌های اجتماعی در R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Raeesi-SNA_in_R_in_Farsi.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Raeesi-SNA_in_R_in_Farsi.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md)
---
#### [The R Manuals (translated in Korean)](http://www.openstatistics.net)
_<sup>http://www.openstatistics.net</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ko](../tagged/free-programming-books-ko.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R을 이용한 데이터 처리 & 분석 실무](http://r4pda.co.kr)
_<sup>http://r4pda.co.kr</sup>_

서민구 (HTML, PDF - 이전 버젼)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ko](../tagged/free-programming-books-ko.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---

Commit message:

add bookmarks from last 3 weeks and awesome rust resources

tagged/r.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[r]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[r])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/r](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/r)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [rustr/rustr](https://github.com/rustr/rustr)
_<sup>https://github.com/rustr/rustr</sup>_

use Rust from R, and use R in Rust [<img src="https://api.travis-ci.org/rustr/rustr.svg?branch=master">](https://travis-ci.org/rustr/rustr)
* **tags**: [rust](../tagged/rust.md), [ffi](../tagged/ffi.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/rustr/rustr)**
---
#### [awesome-R](https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme</sup>_

A curated list of awesome R packages, frameworks and software. - qinwf/awesome-R
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [programming-languages](../tagged/programming-languages.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme)**
---
#### [awesome-rbooks](https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks#readme</sup>_

A curated list of rstats books. Contribute to RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks development by creating an account on GitHub.
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [book](../tagged/book.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi/rbooks#readme)**
---
#### [Writing R Extensions](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html)
_<sup>https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html</sup>_

Writing R Extensions - the canonical reference for writing R packages.
* **tags**: [r](../tagged/r.md), [package-manager](../tagged/package-manager.md)
---
#### [Рандомизация и бутстреп: статистический анализ в биологии и экологии с использованием R.](http://www.ievbras.ru/ecostat/Kiril/Article/A32/Starb.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.ievbras.ru/ecostat/Kiril/Article/A32/Starb.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-ru](../tagged/free-programming-books-ru.md)
---
#### [Анализ данных с R](http://www.inp.nsk.su/~baldin/DataAnalysis/index.html)
_<sup>http://www.inp.nsk.su/~baldin/DataAnalysis/index.html</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-ru](../tagged/free-programming-books-ru.md)
---
#### [統計解析フリーソフトRの備忘録](http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips.pdf)
_<sup>http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips.pdf</sup>_

竹澤邦夫 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [統計解析ソフトRのスクリプト集](http://psych.educa.nagoya-u.ac.jp/doc/Rscripts_ishii.pdf)
_<sup>http://psych.educa.nagoya-u.ac.jp/doc/Rscripts_ishii.pdf</sup>_

石井秀宗 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [無料統計ソフトRで心理学](http://blue.zero.jp/yokumura/Rhtml/Haebera2002.html)
_<sup>http://blue.zero.jp/yokumura/Rhtml/Haebera2002.html</sup>_

奥村泰之
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Rによる統計解析の基礎](http://minato.sip21c.org/statlib/stat.pdf)
_<sup>http://minato.sip21c.org/statlib/stat.pdf</sup>_

中澤港 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Rによる保健医療データ解析演習](http://minato.sip21c.org/msb/medstatbook.pdf)
_<sup>http://minato.sip21c.org/msb/medstatbook.pdf</sup>_

中澤港 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Rチュートリアルセミナーテキスト](http://psycho.edu.yamaguchi-u.ac.jp/?page_id=626)
_<sup>http://psycho.edu.yamaguchi-u.ac.jp/?page_id=626</sup>_

小杉考司, 押江隆 (PDF, ePUB)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R 言語定義](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-lang.jp.v110.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-lang.jp.v110.pdf</sup>_

R Development Core Team, 間瀬茂(翻訳) (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R 基本統計関数マニュアル](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/Mase-Rstatman.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/Mase-Rstatman.pdf</sup>_

間瀬茂 (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R 入門](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-intro-170.jp.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/manuals-jp/R-intro-170.jp.pdf</sup>_

W. N. Venables, D. M. Smith and the R Development Core Team, 間瀬茂(翻訳) (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R プログラミング / 発展編](http://stat.biopapyrus.net/dev/)
_<sup>http://stat.biopapyrus.net/dev/</sup>_

孫建強
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R プログラミング](http://stat.biopapyrus.net/r/)
_<sup>http://stat.biopapyrus.net/r/</sup>_

孫建強
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R グラフィックス](http://stat.biopapyrus.net/graph/)
_<sup>http://stat.biopapyrus.net/graph/</sup>_

孫建強
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R-Tips](http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips/r2.html)
_<sup>http://cse.naro.affrc.go.jp/takezawa/r-tips/r2.html</sup>_

舟尾暢男
* **tags**: [free-programming-books-ja](../tagged/free-programming-books-ja.md), [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R para Principiantes](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/rdebuts_es.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/rdebuts_es.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Optimización Matemática con R: Volúmen I](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Optimizacion_Matematica_con_R_Volumen_I.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Optimizacion_Matematica_con_R_Volumen_I.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Métodos Estadísticos con R y R Commander](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Saez-Castillo-RRCmdrv21.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Saez-Castillo-RRCmdrv21.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Introducción al uso y programación del sistema estadístico R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/curso-R.Diaz-Uriarte.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/curso-R.Diaz-Uriarte.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Introducción a R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/R-intro-1.1.0-espanol.1.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/R-intro-1.1.0-espanol.1.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Gráficos Estadísticos con R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/grafi3.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/grafi3.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Generacion automática de reportes con R y LaTeX](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Rivera-Tutorial_Sweave.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Rivera-Tutorial_Sweave.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Cartas sobre Estadística de la Revista Argentina de Bioingeniería](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Risk-Cartas-sobre-Estadistica.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Risk-Cartas-sobre-Estadistica.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-es](../tagged/free-programming-books-es.md)
---
#### [Introduction à la programmation en R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Goulet_introduction_programmation_R.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Goulet_introduction_programmation_R.pdf</sup>_

Vincent Goulet (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fr](../tagged/free-programming-books-fr.md)
---
#### [Tidy Text Mining with R](http://tidytextmining.com)
_<sup>http://tidytextmining.com</sup>_

Julia Silge and David Robinson
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The R Manuals](http://cran.r-project.org/manuals.html)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/manuals.html</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The R Language](http://stat.ethz.ch/R-manual/R-patched/doc/html)
_<sup>http://stat.ethz.ch/R-manual/R-patched/doc/html</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The R Inferno](http://www.burns-stat.com/pages/Tutor/R_inferno.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.burns-stat.com/pages/Tutor/R_inferno.pdf</sup>_

Patrick Burns (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [The caret Package](http://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html)
_<sup>http://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html</sup>_

Max Kuhn
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Succinctly, Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/rsuccinctly)
_<sup>https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/ebooks/rsuccinctly</sup>_

(PDF, Kindle) *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Programming for Data Science](https://leanpub.com/rprogramming)
_<sup>https://leanpub.com/rprogramming</sup>_

(Needs valid email)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Programming](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming)
_<sup>https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Practicals](http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/R/practicalsBookNoAns.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/R/practicalsBookNoAns.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Packages](http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz)
_<sup>http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz</sup>_

Hadley Wickham
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R Language for Programmers](http://www.johndcook.com/blog/r_language_for_programmers)
_<sup>http://www.johndcook.com/blog/r_language_for_programmers</sup>_

John D. Cook
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R for Spatial Analysis](http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/spatialEpiBook.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.columbia.edu/~cjd11/charles_dimaggio/DIRE/resources/spatialEpiBook.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Practical Regression and Anova using R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Faraway-PRA.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Faraway-PRA.pdf</sup>_

Julian J. Faraway (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R for Data Science](http://r4ds.had.co.nz)
_<sup>http://r4ds.had.co.nz</sup>_

Garrett Grolemund and Hadley Wickham
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [ModernDive](https://ismayc.github.io/moderndiver-book/)
_<sup>https://ismayc.github.io/moderndiver-book/</sup>_

Chester Ismay and Albert Y. Kim
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Machine Learning with R](https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/r-machine-learning)
_<sup>https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/r-machine-learning</sup>_

Brett Lantz, Packt. *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Introduction to Probability and Statistics Using R](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/IPSUR/vignettes/IPSUR.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/IPSUR/vignettes/IPSUR.pdf</sup>_

G. Jay Kerns (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Learning Statistics with R](http://health.adelaide.edu.au/psychology/ccs/teaching/lsr)
_<sup>http://health.adelaide.edu.au/psychology/ccs/teaching/lsr</sup>_

Daniel Navarro
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Cookbook for R](http://www.cookbook-r.com)
_<sup>http://www.cookbook-r.com</sup>_

Winston Chang
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [Advanced R Programming](http://adv-r.had.co.nz)
_<sup>http://adv-r.had.co.nz</sup>_

Hadley Wickham
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [统计学与 R 读书笔记](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Xu-Statistics_and_R.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Xu-Statistics_and_R.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [用 R 构建 Shiny 应用程序](http://yanping.me/shiny-tutorial/)
_<sup>http://yanping.me/shiny-tutorial/</sup>_

(《Building 'Shiny' Applications with R》中文版)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [R 导论](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ding-R-intro_cn.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ding-R-intro_cn.pdf</sup>_

(《An Introduction to R》中文版) (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [153分钟学会 R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Liu-FAQ.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Liu-FAQ.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-zh](../tagged/free-programming-books-zh.md)
---
#### [Ekonometriye Yeni Başlayanlar için Kısa bir R Kılavuzu](https://github.com/emraher/eybkbrk)
_<sup>https://github.com/emraher/eybkbrk</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-tr](../tagged/free-programming-books-tr.md)
---
#### [موضعات ویژه در R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R_topics_in_Farsi.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R_topics_in_Farsi.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md)
---
#### [راهنمای زبان R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R-lang_in_Farsi.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Mousavi-R-lang_in_Farsi.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md)
---
#### [تحلیل شبکه‌های اجتماعی در R](http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Raeesi-SNA_in_R_in_Farsi.pdf)
_<sup>http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Raeesi-SNA_in_R_in_Farsi.pdf</sup>_

(PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [r](../tagged/r.md), [free-programming-books-fa_ir](../tagged/free-programming-books-fa_ir.md)
---
#### [The R Manuals (translated in Korean)](http://www.openstatistics.net)
_<sup>http://www.openstatistics.net</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ko](../tagged/free-programming-books-ko.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
#### [R을 이용한 데이터 처리 & 분석 실무](http://r4pda.co.kr)
_<sup>http://r4pda.co.kr</sup>_

서민구 (HTML, PDF - 이전 버젼)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ko](../tagged/free-programming-books-ko.md), [r](../tagged/r.md)
---
