tagged/raspberry-pi.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[raspberry-pi]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[raspberry-pi])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/raspberry-pi](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/raspberry-pi)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Setup Kubernetes on a Raspberry Pi Cluster easily the official way!](https://blog.hypriot.com/post/setup-kubernetes-raspberry-pi-cluster/)
_<sup>https://blog.hypriot.com/post/setup-kubernetes-raspberry-pi-cluster/</sup>_

* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [How to Build a Kubernetes Cluster with ARM Raspberry Pi then run .NET Core on OpenFaas](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/HowToBuildAKubernetesClusterWithARMRaspberryPiThenRunNETCoreOnOpenFaas.aspx)
_<sup>https://www.hanselman.com/blog/HowToBuildAKubernetesClusterWithARMRaspberryPiThenRunNETCoreOnOpenFaa...</sup>_

Scott Hanselman on Programming, The Web, Open Source, .NET, The Cloud and More
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [awesome-raspberry-pi](https://github.com/thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi#readme</sup>_

📝 A curated list of awesome Raspberry Pi tools, projects, images and resources - thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [platform](../tagged/platform.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi#readme)**
---
#### [راسبيري باي ببساطة ](http://librebooks.org/simply-raspberry-pi/)
_<sup>http://librebooks.org/simply-raspberry-pi/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ar](../tagged/free-programming-books-ar.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [Raspberry Pi Users Guide](http://www.cs.unca.edu/~bruce/Fall14/360/RPiUsersGuide.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.cs.unca.edu/~bruce/Fall14/360/RPiUsersGuide.pdf</sup>_

Eben Upton (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [Raspberry Pi: Measure, Record, Explore](https://leanpub.com/RPiMRE)
_<sup>https://leanpub.com/RPiMRE</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers](https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/python-raspberry-pi-cookbook)
_<sup>https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/python-raspberry-pi-cookbook</sup>_

Tim Cox, Packt. *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---

Commit message:

add bookmarks from last 3 weeks and awesome rust resources

tagged/raspberry-pi.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[raspberry-pi]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[raspberry-pi])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/raspberry-pi](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/raspberry-pi)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Ogeon/rust-on-raspberry-pi](https://github.com/Ogeon/rust-on-raspberry-pi)
_<sup>https://github.com/Ogeon/rust-on-raspberry-pi</sup>_

instructions for how to cross compile Rust projects for the Raspberry Pi .
* **tags**: [rust](../tagged/rust.md), [embedded](../tagged/embedded.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Ogeon/rust-on-raspberry-pi)**
---
#### [Setup Kubernetes on a Raspberry Pi Cluster easily the official way!](https://blog.hypriot.com/post/setup-kubernetes-raspberry-pi-cluster/)
_<sup>https://blog.hypriot.com/post/setup-kubernetes-raspberry-pi-cluster/</sup>_

* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [How to Build a Kubernetes Cluster with ARM Raspberry Pi then run .NET Core on OpenFaas](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/HowToBuildAKubernetesClusterWithARMRaspberryPiThenRunNETCoreOnOpenFaas.aspx)
_<sup>https://www.hanselman.com/blog/HowToBuildAKubernetesClusterWithARMRaspberryPiThenRunNETCoreOnOpenFaa...</sup>_

Scott Hanselman on Programming, The Web, Open Source, .NET, The Cloud and More
* **tags**: [kubernetes](../tagged/kubernetes.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [awesome-raspberry-pi](https://github.com/thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi#readme</sup>_

📝 A curated list of awesome Raspberry Pi tools, projects, images and resources - thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [platform](../tagged/platform.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi#readme)**
---
#### [راسبيري باي ببساطة ](http://librebooks.org/simply-raspberry-pi/)
_<sup>http://librebooks.org/simply-raspberry-pi/</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [free-programming-books-ar](../tagged/free-programming-books-ar.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [Raspberry Pi Users Guide](http://www.cs.unca.edu/~bruce/Fall14/360/RPiUsersGuide.pdf)
_<sup>http://www.cs.unca.edu/~bruce/Fall14/360/RPiUsersGuide.pdf</sup>_

Eben Upton (PDF)
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [Raspberry Pi: Measure, Record, Explore](https://leanpub.com/RPiMRE)
_<sup>https://leanpub.com/RPiMRE</sup>_

* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
#### [Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers](https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/python-raspberry-pi-cookbook)
_<sup>https://www.packtpub.com/packt/free-ebook/python-raspberry-pi-cookbook</sup>_

Tim Cox, Packt. *(Just fill the fields with any values)*
* **tags**: [free-programming-books](../tagged/free-programming-books.md), [raspberry-pi](../tagged/raspberry-pi.md)
---
