tagged/serverless.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[serverless]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[serverless])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/serverless](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/serverless)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [python-lambda](https://github.com/nficano/python-lambda)
_<sup>https://github.com/nficano/python-lambda</sup>_

A toolkit for developing and deploying Python code in AWS Lambda.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nficano/python-lambda)**
---
#### [Zappa](https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa)
_<sup>https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa</sup>_

A tool for deploying WSGI applications on AWS Lambda and API Gateway.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa)**
---
#### [awesome-serverless](https://github.com/pmuens/awesome-serverless#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/pmuens/awesome-serverless#readme</sup>_

Curated list of resources related to serverless computing and serverless architectures. - pmuens/awesome-serverless
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [backend](../tagged/backend.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/pmuens/awesome-serverless#readme)**
---
#### [Claudia.js Home Page](https://claudiajs.com/)
_<sup>https://claudiajs.com/</sup>_

Deploy Node.js projects to AWS Lambda and API Gateway easily.
* **tags**: [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [aws](../tagged/aws.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/claudiajs/claudia)**
---
#### [GitHub - anaibol/awesome-serverless](https://github.com/anaibol/awesome-serverless#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/anaibol/awesome-serverless#readme</sup>_

:cloud: A curated list of awesome services, solutions and resources for serverless / nobackend applications. - anaibol/awesome-serverless
* **tags**: [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md), [cloud](../tagged/cloud.md), [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/anaibol/awesome-serverless)**
---
#### [Full guide to developing REST API’s with AWS API Gateway and AWS Lambda](https://blog.sourcerer.io/full-guide-to-developing-rest-apis-with-aws-api-gateway-and-aws-lambda-d254729d6992)
_<sup>https://blog.sourcerer.io/full-guide-to-developing-rest-apis-with-aws-api-gateway-and-aws-lambda-d25...</sup>_

In this article we’ll explore using AWS Lambda to develop a service using Node.js. Amazon recently announced an upgrade where developers using Lambda can now use an 8.10 runtime, which lets them use `...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-05-09
* **tags**: [cloud](../tagged/cloud.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [aws](../tagged/aws.md)
---

Commit message:

add new dev bookmarks from last 3 weeks and ones mentioned in awesome ruby

tagged/serverless.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[serverless]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[serverless])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/serverless](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/serverless)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [FaaStRuby](https://faastruby.io)
_<sup>https://faastruby.io</sup>_

Serverless Software Development Platform for Ruby and Crystal developers.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
---
#### [Jets](https://github.com/tongueroo/jets)
_<sup>https://github.com/tongueroo/jets</sup>_

A Ruby Serverless Framework to create and deploy serverless microservices with ease, and to seamlessly glue AWS services.
* **tags**: [ruby](../tagged/ruby.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/tongueroo/jets)**
---
#### [python-lambda](https://github.com/nficano/python-lambda)
_<sup>https://github.com/nficano/python-lambda</sup>_

A toolkit for developing and deploying Python code in AWS Lambda.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nficano/python-lambda)**
---
#### [Zappa](https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa)
_<sup>https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa</sup>_

A tool for deploying WSGI applications on AWS Lambda and API Gateway.
* **tags**: [awesome-python](../tagged/awesome-python.md), [python](../tagged/python.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa)**
---
#### [awesome-serverless](https://github.com/pmuens/awesome-serverless#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/pmuens/awesome-serverless#readme</sup>_

Curated list of resources related to serverless computing and serverless architectures. - pmuens/awesome-serverless
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [backend](../tagged/backend.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/pmuens/awesome-serverless#readme)**
---
#### [Claudia.js Home Page](https://claudiajs.com/)
_<sup>https://claudiajs.com/</sup>_

Deploy Node.js projects to AWS Lambda and API Gateway easily.
* **tags**: [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [aws](../tagged/aws.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/claudiajs/claudia)**
---
#### [GitHub - anaibol/awesome-serverless](https://github.com/anaibol/awesome-serverless#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/anaibol/awesome-serverless#readme</sup>_

:cloud: A curated list of awesome services, solutions and resources for serverless / nobackend applications. - anaibol/awesome-serverless
* **tags**: [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md), [cloud](../tagged/cloud.md), [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/anaibol/awesome-serverless)**
---
#### [Full guide to developing REST API’s with AWS API Gateway and AWS Lambda](https://blog.sourcerer.io/full-guide-to-developing-rest-apis-with-aws-api-gateway-and-aws-lambda-d254729d6992)
_<sup>https://blog.sourcerer.io/full-guide-to-developing-rest-apis-with-aws-api-gateway-and-aws-lambda-d25...</sup>_

In this article we’ll explore using AWS Lambda to develop a service using Node.js. Amazon recently announced an upgrade where developers using Lambda can now use an 8.10 runtime, which lets them use `...
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-05-09
* **tags**: [cloud](../tagged/cloud.md), [serverless](../tagged/serverless.md), [nodejs](../tagged/nodejs.md), [aws](../tagged/aws.md)
---
