tagged/web-design.md, before:

## Bookmarks tagged [[web-design]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[web-design])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/web-design](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/web-design)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [awesome-web-design](https://github.com/nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design#readme</sup>_

🎨 A curated list of awesome resources for digital designers. - nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [web-design](../tagged/web-design.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design#readme)**
---
#### [ShopTalk: A Web Design and Development Podcast with Chris Coyier and Dave Rupert](http://shoptalkshow.com/)
_<sup>http://shoptalkshow.com/</sup>_

ShopTalk is a podcast about front end web design, development and UX. Each week Chris Coyier and Dave Rupert are joined by a special guest to talk shop and answer listener submitted questions.
* **tags**: [podcast](../tagged/podcast.md), [web-design](../tagged/web-design.md), [ux](../tagged/ux.md)
---

Commit message:

add bookmarks from last 3 weeks and awesome rust resources

tagged/web-design.md, after:

## Bookmarks tagged [[web-design]](https://www.bookmarks.dev?q=[web-design])

_<sup><sup>[www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/web-design](https://www.bookmarks.dev/tagged/web-design)</sup></sup>_
---
#### [Atomic Design with React](https://codeburst.io/atomic-design-with-react-e7aea8152957)
_<sup>https://codeburst.io/atomic-design-with-react-e7aea8152957</sup>_

How the Atomic Design methodology allowed me to create a great design system from scratch and made me a better developer, with principles of componentization, hierarchies and reuses of code.
* :calendar: **published on**: 2018-01-08
* **tags**: [reactjs](../tagged/reactjs.md), [web-design](../tagged/web-design.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/danilowoz/react-atomic-design)**
---
#### [Atomic Design](http://bradfrost.com/blog/post/atomic-web-design/)
_<sup>http://bradfrost.com/blog/post/atomic-web-design/</sup>_

Web Design system inspired from chemistry. 
* **tags**: [web-design](../tagged/web-design.md)
---
#### [awesome-web-design](https://github.com/nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design#readme)
_<sup>https://github.com/nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design#readme</sup>_

🎨 A curated list of awesome resources for digital designers. - nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design
* **tags**: [awesome-list](../tagged/awesome-list.md), [web-design](../tagged/web-design.md)
* :octocat: **[source code](https://github.com/nicolesaidy/awesome-web-design#readme)**
---
#### [ShopTalk: A Web Design and Development Podcast with Chris Coyier and Dave Rupert](http://shoptalkshow.com/)
_<sup>http://shoptalkshow.com/</sup>_

ShopTalk is a podcast about front end web design, development and UX. Each week Chris Coyier and Dave Rupert are joined by a special guest to talk shop and answer listener submitted questions.
* **tags**: [podcast](../tagged/podcast.md), [web-design](../tagged/web-design.md), [ux](../tagged/ux.md)
---
